Фраза
Jesus, that house is huge. That lady really knew how to live.
It’s like the, uh, Chateau… de… Adler.
Yeah, uh, cool.
But yeah, isn’t this house insane?
It’s ridiculous.
I could fit my entire house *in* it.
How did she get so rich if she was just like a... communications person or whatever in the military?
I think I said when we got here, her family like owned part of the island or something...
I think she just inherited a lot, honestly.
She does have a boat.
Yeah, see? Allie knew what she was talking about.
She *should*, anyway, she had to schlep back and forth here all summer.
There is *something* up with her.
She has this *giant* house, she’s burying like *secret messages* all over the place, I mean this is crazy.
Yeah, and we can leave it to Scrappy Doo or whoever to figure it out.
What's a “Scrappy Doo?“
Yeah, but *we* could figure it out! Aren’t you the least bit curious?
There’s not gonna be a sunken pirate ship at the end of this, Alex, it’s just a wrecked submarine.
Yeah, and if you’re really so anxious you can come back on your own time. I just want to get home.
I… guess.
Yes, but we got the point and I agree, let’s just get out of here.
Oh… oh, it’s like a-- it’s a boat that needs keys, there are no oars.
And before we go crazy it’s not-- it wasn’t with Maggie’s stuff back at the office, like with the radio.
No, we checked everything.
Okay, well, I mean, if the boat plan doesn’t work, there’s still a big house like right there and it probably has a phone.
We can just call somebody to pick us up.
How would we know? You’re the one that went.
No, we looked through all of her stuff, I think.
Huh… well, uh...
What’s Plan B if we can’t find it?
Plan B was four hours ago, I think we’re like on Plan F.
The keys, they-- They have to be in the house. For the movers or her family, you know?
Let’s say we find the keys… does anyone even know how to drive this thing, anyway?
Yeah, you just pull the thing and steer the… doohickey.
Oh, I am *very* impressed.
She has to have keys somewhere. Maybe they’re inside.
That’s as good a guess as any.
Finally.
Clarissa, Jesus.
Oh my God, you scared me.
I thought you were, like, Maggie Adler’s dead body or something.
How would that make sense?
I don’t know, I’m in like a-- a heightened state right now.
How’d you get in here? The door was locked. Do you have, like, a radio?
No, I don’t have a radio. The kitchen window was open.
Kitchen window?
Where?
In the back. In the kitchen.
I don’t believe you. These windows don’t even-- they don’t work like that.
How would you know, you’ve never been here!
Okay. Sure.
Clarissa, *where* have you been? After we saw you in town, you just--
Hey, I could ask you the same thing! It was like I sneezed and you were gone.
I ended up in the fields and just decided to come here and, like, wait it out.
I haven’t seen anybody since.
So… I thought I’d camp it up.
And then how’d you get past the gate? It’s like a slab of wrought iron, it looked impossible to climb.
Well, apparently it’s not *that* “impossible” since, you know, I’m here.
Not when my life’s in peril, Christ.
Okay, wh-- you’re here, whatever.
Everyone, just… keep your distance.
What?
Why? It’s *Clarissa.*
Yes, dear.
Why.
I’m as harmless as a junebug.
“Why?” Cause you’re an absolute psycho, *that’s* why!
She up and launched into a full on *attack* on me back in town, you should’ve seen the pyrotechnics.
Oh *please*. Look... some *things* were said.
It wasn’t even worth a diary entry.
This is all Alex’s usual much ado about nothing.
Jonas, c’mon, you were there, back me up here!
Yeah, she... kind of lost it, to, uh, to tell you the truth.
“Lost it?!” What are you-- you have *no* idea what you’re talking about, boy, you haven’t *seen* me “lose it,” not even close.
Oh, give me a break! “Some *things* were said?”
She brought up-- she was bringing up *horrible* stuff for-- for *no* reason.
Fine, whatever, I don’t care, just-- whatever.
Cause you could be a *ghost* right now, that’s why!
Christ, I think you’ve been *possessed* more than you’ve been *you* at this point!
Well, wait-- wait a minute, don’t we, like, get red eyes or something when we get possessed…?
Yeah…
Yes, we do, we get *red eyes*, thank you, Reginald.
That hardly matters! M-- maybe it’s a-- a trick, maybe she’s *working with them*, who knows!
“Working with them?!” Will you *listen* to this girl! A heat stroke makes more sense!
We don’t exactly know the *rules*, guys, something-- something could have changed, might’ve switched, or--
Rules? What are you-- this isn’t *soccer*, I’m not on the *orange* team. *Nobody’s* possessed right now!
Maybe. I guess. I guess it’s fine.
Oh, I appreciate your ringing endorsement.
Something’s-- something’s wrong with you. I don’t know what, but-- but I dunno, it’s like you’re just not on our side.
“Not on your side?” What, I-- I yell at you a little bit and suddenly I’m a Russian spy now!
Stuff happened, it happens, it’s fine.
It’s barely worth mentioning now.
It was *more* than just “yelling,” okay? You were dropping atom *bombs* of *rage* on my *head*.
Honey, you would *know* if I was *truly* upset, okay?
Ask Nona, Scott Fischer has a limp for a reason.
Fine, whatever, I don’t care anymore.
Oh, *now* she doesn’t care.
Uh, june bugs bite, don’t they?
Are you okay, Clarissa?
I feel like I’ve aged ten years but... for the time being, let’s go with “fine.” *You* look spritely as ever.
What is that supposed to mean.
Look, Clarissa’s here, so everybody’s here now, we can-- just, everybody’s okay, alright?
That’s a good thing.
Yeah, let’s just-- find the keys to the boat, or a phone, or whatever and just find a way home.
I promise we can all keep talking and[SLASH]or fighting at school on Monday.
Yes, perfect.
Yeah, something could be “wrong” with me, right?
I don’t care what she says, just everyone keep your eye on her.
Yeah, I could just *ghost out* at any moment, right?
Yeah, I’m an “absolute psycho,” right? Everyone better hide all the knives.
Yeah, I just might climb through the kitchen window again, who knows.
Yeah, if you’re all not careful I might put my feet on the upholstery.
Okay, we get it, haha, carry on.
Clarissa, you just better hope there’s *two* boats or something cause you’re *not* sitting anywhere close to me.
*You* better hope there’s two boats for your *giant* ego if you think you can dictate the *evacuation terms*.
Okay, haha, enough jousting and reposting, let’s carry on, now.
Fine, okay, let’s focus up.
Everybody, find something and hope that it helps.
I thought you hated physical activity.
Ren, come on, you were there, back me up here!
Well… I mean, there’s a *scale* to these things, and while, *yes*, Clarissa perhaps tipped into *derangement*--
“Derangement!?”
What are you-- you have *no* idea what you’re talking about, boy, you haven’t *seen* me “lose it,” not even close.
Nona, c’mon, you saw how she acted, back me up here!
Well, Alex, I mean… yeah, she got a little… heated, but--
See? Just a little heated, like a little cup of tea, that’s all it was.
It’s a lot of radios and… those containers we saw at the town office.
What do you think that means?
She must have figured it out, that there were ghosts here and the potential for them to be running amok.
I… guess that’s a possibility.
I don’t know, something about ELF transmitters or... the submarine’s ways of communicating…
You can just say you don’t know, that’s okay.
“Tune into the source…” It’s probably something about the special radios, you know?
Huh.
I just really don’t get it.
Wait, is this-- ahh, the boat keys. Got ‘em.
Perfecto.
Let’s blow this pop stand. Oh, I just got that! Popsicle stand! It *does* make sense.
Alright, we got keys for the boat.
Who's we?
In the attic, in a... dusty old chest... as you might expect.
Uh, super! Let’s try it out.
And… huh, like a map of the caverns. She’s written here, “tune into the source.”
She couldn’t have known about the-- the ghosts, right?
Who do you think.
Where?
*I* got the keys. They were in the attic, upstairs.
In a chest, but who cares, let’s just go.
Jonas found them in a chest upstairs. So say thank you.
Thank you.
You’re welcome.
I was just saying it, it’s not directed at you or anything.
Okay.
Alexxxx?
Oh, Alexx?
Come down here, please.
We have something we want to show you…
[laughing]
Huh? Clarissa, where are you?
In the family room, dear.
We’re all in oil. Marinated, so to speak.
Clarissa? What’s going on!
You’re confused, aren’t you? Well, you should be.
How does it go? “ Things are different except in a different way.”
Just come downstairs so we can get started.
I’m not-- I’m not listening to this, alright! I’m not playing along anymore!
Oh, just come down and we’ll drink to our future.
Come down, okay? It will be alright. I promise.
[laughing]
Here comes a candle to light you to bed…
Here comes a sword to chop off your head.
Well... we’ll be waiting right here for you to strike up the nerve...
Ah. There you are.
Now, we imagine you’re a bit confused…
But don’t fret.
Stop-- just stop whatever this is, can’t you? Just-- just fix my friends! Please!
*Why* are you doing this? This-- I thought you-- you guys were *stuck* here or-- or that this-- this wasn’t--
Your *friends* are as fine as they’ve ever been, okay? There’s nothing to bleed over.
This will be the final part of your training, Alex.
All training is supervised by very skilled instructors.
Thank you, radio.
“Training?” I don’t want to be “trained,” what-- what are you--
You signed up for this, Alexandra.
Is. Leave. Possible.
Uh, yeah, sure, leave possible…
Um, maybe? But I don’t really…
In the caverns, you tuned into our signal.
So please I cannot bear your excuses, *offspring*.
You walked in here with clear eyes.
I take it back, then! I take it all back, leave isn’t possible, it’s really *not* possible!
Sshhh, it’s okay. Everything will be fine.
I said *maybe* leave was possible, *maybe*, I didn’t-- I didn’t even know what the Hell you were talking about!
I wish I hadn’t tuned into that stupid thing, okay! If I knew what it was gonna do, do you really-- do your really think I would’ve even *brought* this radio!
How was I meant to know what the Hell was gonna happen!
And yet, without understanding your footing, you still *acted*. But don’t worry.
I’m-- I’m sorry, okay! How many times you want me to tell you I’m sorry, I didn’t know what would happen!
You have nothing to apologize for. Trust us on that.
The test is easy.
*We’ll* speak of something we see in the house, and *you* will go and find it.
See?
As simple and good-humored as your mother’s apple pie.
I don’t want to play this! Just tell me what’s happening!
Refusal to cooperate will incur grim penalties, I’m afraid. But it’s your choice.
What *is* it with you guys and all the-- the *games*, you’re like *dogs* or *children*, just what is the point?
The *point*, dear? The point is that they were never “games.” And you can figure that out by your lonesome.
And what if I-- what if I *don’t*, huh? What if I just stand here and don’t go along with this?
Now. Let’s start with a softball.
I Spy… with my little eye… radiation.
That strain again. Not so sweet this time, eh?
Pity you’re so embered. One in an infinite shot, though… maybe another Alex is having a better go of things.
*Again* with the “other Alex,” talk, okay, just *where* is she, huh? Why can’t I reach her, why can’t I *warn* her, warn *everyone*!
They’re… around…
We’re sorry to break it to you, sweetheart… but you aren’t unique. And not even in the generic sense.
Wait, “one in an infinite shot?” What does that mean?
Aw, you just got the bad fall of the dice this time, kid.
But time marches on, and things will happen, in every possibility, so… pray for the… *doubles* that they don’t make the same mistakes.
What “strain?” What does-- what are you--[gets cut off]
“It breathes upon a bank of violets.” The strain of life, dear. You didn’t do so well *this* time.
Maybe another Alex out there somewhere is doing better…
So take what comfort you can in things.
Now… this isn’t your first merry go round, so… let’s hope you remember the rules.
You *have* done this so many times.
It’s not out of the question.
Not entirely.
What-- what do you mean I’ve done this? I’ve never been here, *you’ve* never--[gets cut off]
We’re sure you remember at least a *little* by this point.
Oh, I’m sorry, child. You weren’t even close.
Nona!
Stop it! C’mon, no-- it’s *my* fault, I didn’t know!
Will you look at that.
The little one’s up and hit the silk.
Where is she! Where’d you take her!
Don’t you mind. But let this be a teachable moment for you.
Bring her back! Now!
Oh, I’m sorry, dear. What’s done is done, as they say.
If you’d paid attention, you’d have noticed the television set right by my side, the little X-Ray emitting death machine.
Is it-- are you talking about the TV?
Very good, well done. The older models emitted X-rays.
But right now you’d be wise to think of radiation in another sense.
Now.
Pay attention.
Now. Pay attention.
I spy… with my little eye… a knot.
What does this have to do with-- with us, I mean, we’re-- we’re not--
What are you even *talking*about right--
I Spy… with my little eye… a picture of a memory.
I spy… with my little eye… a knot.
Ohhh, not good. Not good at all.
Ren! Wake up!
Clarissa, please-- fight whatever this is and stop this, c’mon!
Silly boy.
Fig leafed away.
Stop doing that! They haven’t *done* anything, I’m just-- I’m just not-- not doing well.
Then take it as encouragement *to* do well.
Okay, you know what, Nona was one thing, but that guy you just *vanished* is like my-- my *best friend*, you can’t just-- just--
How this goes is up to you, Alexandra.
Where is he! Where’d you take him!
Don’t you mind. But let this be a teachable moment for you.
Bring him back! Right now!
Oh, I’m sorry, dear. What’s done is done, as they say.
What you failed to find is a photograph of Margaret Adler, and her friend, Anna.
The picture of-- I guess it’s Maggie Adler and somebody? Is this it?
Yes. Very nice. That’s Margaret Adler and her friend, Anna.
It’s time for the Bonus Round, Alex, so… stay quick. This is one you’ll *really* want to find.
I spy… with my little eye… a knot.
You see… you and your schoolyard chums are experiencing-- well, this has sort of happened before.
Maggie and Anna tried to… *sport* with us many years ago. And, well... only one survived.
But in the process, we discovered a way for us to return, so to speak.
It just takes a little time.
And a far reaching tolerance for the ignorant.
Okay, if we-- if I help you… will you *stop*… whatever it is that you’re doing with my friends?
Ahh, well... there’s the rub.
What is it? How can you-- how can you come back from something like this?
Wait, what-- what happened to Anna?
Let’s leave it at the poor girl didn’t know what she was playing with. It doesn’t matter.
Is it the-- this painting? It looks kinda like a knot…
Excellent, excellent, you’re doing so well.
The knot of eternal recurrence.
The *waves*. It’s the waves, we think.
And we will use those waves to *absorb* into your friends… as sunlight blooms into flowers
You see… you and your schoolyard chums are experiencing-- well, this has sort of happened before.
The picture of-- I guess it’s Maggie Adler and somebody? Is this it?
Yes. Very nice. That’s Margaret Adler and her friend, Anna.
Alexandra. What a disappointment you’ve turned out to be.
Jonas! C’mon, snap out of it!
Don’t! Just-- just stop! Please, just don’t do anything to him!
Aw, your new brother.
Gone to first light.
This isn’t their fault! Bring them back!
They’ll come *back* when you learn their *purpose*, child.
Where-- where do they keep going? What are you doing with them!
What are we doing with them, that is the question of the night, I guess…
Where is he! Where’d you take him!
Don’t you mind. But let this be a teachable moment for you.
Bring him back! Right now!
Oh, I’m sorry, dear. What’s done is done, as they say.
What you failed to find is a photograph of Margaret Adler, and her friend, Anna.
The picture of-- I guess it’s Maggie Adler and somebody? Is this it?
Yes. Very nice. That’s Margaret Adler and her friend, Anna.
You and your schoolyard chums are experiencing-- well, you see, this has sort of happened before.
Maggie and Anna tried to… *sport* with us many years ago. And, well... only one survived.
But in the process, we discovered a way for us to return, so to speak.
It just takes a little time.
And a far reaching tolerance for the ignorant.
Okay, if we-- if I help you… will you *stop*… whatever it is that you’re doing with my friends?
Ahh, well... there’s the rub.
What is it? How can you-- how can you come back from something like this?
Wait, what-- what happened to Anna?
Let’s leave it at the poor girl didn’t know what she was playing with. It doesn’t matter.
And we will use those waves to *absorb* into your friends… as sunlight blooms into flowers.
And we will grow.
And we will engulf.
No, that’s horrible!
We can see how this might seem… graceless. But we’re past the point of caring about that sort of thing.
You-- you can’t do that! Think about what you’re doing!
We *can* do that, Alex. And what has seemed to your parents as eighty years has been for us *eons* to know an existence without life.
Wait, what… what happens to them? After you’re, uh, “absorbed?”
Their form will exist, with us inside. It will be a swap, you see… of… “essences”, I guess you could call them.
We tried it too quickly with Anna. But now we know… to wait… and soak.
We had to keep you here, you see… on the island.
And it will be a great honor, Alex, really… to carry us through this life.
And on to the next.
Please, just *don’t* do this. We’re… we’re not--
It’s sad, I know… to lose the facility to… *feel*… to *be* but... we have not felt *anything* for a very long time.
And we’ll do whatever is necessary.
You-- you *had* your time, you *had* your time! Don’t take ours just because you had some-- some *accident*!
We *never* had our time! It was *ripped* from us!
We’ve watched the universe’s conception fly to its demise *over* and *over* and *over* again!
You don’t know what it’s *been* like!
But how could you.
That is no excuse for stealing our-- our-- *souls*.
Well… it’s the only excuse you’re going to get.
What you’re doing is *wrong*. And you know that.
Any integrity we once had drowned in the reef ages ago.
I don’t *care* about your-- your *time problems*! These are my *friends* you’re replacing!
Then let us share in each other’s disregard.
You’re just an infant.
Please. Just… don’t do this.
When our vessel dashed on the rocks… we had until dawn. And so will you.
We would spend that time wisely.
And... we thank you for your good service.
Is it the-- this painting? It looks kinda like a knot…
Excellent, excellent, you’re doing so well.
There’s a painting, upstairs.
The knot of eternal recurrence.
The *waves*. It’s the waves, we think.
And we will use those waves to *absorb* into your friends… as sunlight blooms into flowers.
And we will grow.
And we will engulf.
I Spy… with my little eye… a picture of a memory.
It's time for the bonus round, Alex, so... stay quick. This is one you'll really want to find.
There has to be another way, I mean... just-- maybe-- I mean, maybe I can do something with the radio or--or--
Well… that could’ve gone better…
So… I’m kind of screwed.
Alright. Guess I’m still in the Time Loop.
Oh. Right. Time loop.
Tell Michael he should go to school here.
Tell Michael he should go out on his own.
Just… don’t try and influence Michael. He can live his own life.
Okay, seriously, *who* are you?
Thanks.
*What* does this-- what does it matter! He’s dead, he’s not-- he’s not here.
*What* does this-- what does it matter! He’s dead, he’s not-- he’s not here.
Well… that could’ve gone better…
Oh. Right. Time loop.
It-- It wasn’t a dream or a vision or something, you and Clarissa, standing in the living room just now, was it?
[sick sigh]
Clarissa?
No, that was very, very real.
Uh, no, but I wish it was a dream. Usually there’s a lot more talking horses.
We’re in, like… trouble.
Yeah.
God, that all really just happened…?
Clarissa and everything?
But we’re in… kind of a bad spot, right?
Looks like it!
Welllll… I mean… we’re in *trouble* only if you don’t like getting your soul consumed by a hundred year old submarine crew.
Okay.
Yeah. We kind of really are.
Maggie… I think Maggie Adler might have had some sort of a plan or a, uh, scheme or something to fix what’s going on.
So, I mean… Christ, if Clarissa was whisked away to the cave by nuclear submarine monsters then, I mean, the plan has to be to, uh, retrieve her, right?
I’m still going to call them ghosts, if that’s okay.
A ghost *is* a monster, so.
Yeahhhhh?
Right?
No, completely, that’s the plan, of course it is.
Clarissa is *not* gonna be the human sponge for some evil island ghosts, not on my, uh, my watch!
Or, uh… we could just… uh…. leave?
What!
Leave?
Seriously?
We can’t just *leave.*
Yeah, I mean, I know she can be like the girl equivalent of bed bugs, but… c’mon.
Okay, now… *what* did you really mean by we could just leave?
Yeah, *without* Clarissa?
I’m *totally* kidding, it was a joke, a joke! I would *never* think to doom Clarissa to, uh, anything unreasonable.
Oh c’mon, the boat’s *right* *there*! Remember the old plan? “Take the skiff to freedom and french fries?”
Nobody ever said that.
Alex. No. We *can’t* leave. Not without *all* of us.
Okay. Fine. But just remember when you’re all screaming and running and being torn to pieces I already suggested the easy way out.
We *can’t* leave. Not without *all* of us.
Clarissa is only like one *slice* of the problem. We’re *all*, uh, *infected* or whatever, so we need to *rip* the issue off like a bandage, all at once.
Okay, great, yeah, but... how do we do that?
Well, uh…
Good question.
Uh, to be honest, I don’t really have a clue, but it’s, you know--
Alright, then it’s settled! We’ll go into the cave and get Clarissa back while we think about how to, like, not get body-swapped in the meantime.
We could-- I mean, using the radio to tune into that triangle thing in the cave *started* it, so… I dunno, maybe tuning it differently or something will fix it?
Yeah, if your car’s on fire just pour gasoline on it, right?
Well, maybe she has a point…
Why do the *one* thing that we know got us all flummoxed, *again*?
Well, what’s *your* grand solution, then! Pack it up into rolling papers and *smoke* it, probably!
Oh c’mon, why am I always the *drug* guy?!
Look, if Clarissa’s in the cave, then we’ll have to go there anyway, so… we’ll put a, uh, a pin in it.
It’s all I can think of at the moment, alright?
Maybe it-- I dunno, maybe it works like a door and we can somehow figure out how to, you know, *close* it.
Good grief.
But I guess it’s one thing at a time. Clarissa’s in the cave, so… let’s just focus on that. For now.
Yes, that would appear to be the, uh, the plan.
What possible *plan* could Maggie Adler have?
First of all, she’s *dead*.
And second of all, she was like the island *Mother Goose*, she didn’t know anything *about* this!
But… really now… what “plan” are you talking about that Maggie had?
Yeah, I’m, uh, curious.
She wrote in her journal or something something about tuning into the “source” of the problem… in the *cave*.
She knew *something!* I mean, look around, this whole *house* is like a ghost-hunting command center.
And she thought she needed to tune a radio into the, uh, the “source” of the problem in the cave… \n
She left secret *notes* all over the place, the ghosts *hate* her, she was involved with it somehow, c’mon!
Yeah.
So we can go… on… the… Oh, I think I’m gonna be sick.
Me first.
Did what just--
And I think she was talking about the ghosts.
Well, if we’re going to the cave-- oh, actually, I forgot.
I saw the entrance has been caved in since you guys went inside.
Alright, I *know* there are a whole bunch of secret, Communist-bomb fearing tunnels dug into this place during the nineteen fifties…
And Maggie has *loads* of film about military stuff in her basement, so...
Maybe there’s a way back into the cave through one of those, you’re thinking?
Let’s take a look.
Christ, I felt like I was, like I was *dying* Alex, how hard is it to find an old woman’s *junk* within a reasonable time frame!
Yeah, that did not… feel good.
That felt like someone was shoving spiders down my throat.
She, uh, tried… kinda.
And look, Alex, if you’re ever again asked to find someone’s *crap* lest *ghosts* are gonna punish *not you*, ask to tag out or something cause *God* that felt like my skin was getting pulled off.
That felt like someone was shoving spiders down my throat.
Normally she’s good at this stuff. Normally.
Jesus, Alex, if there’s one thing I’ve learned tonight, it’s that you are friggin’ *terrible* at playing games when your friends’ lives are at stake.
Oh, and by the way, next time, put some actual *effort* into the game, pretty please!
That felt like someone was shoving spiders down my throat.
Yeah!
I’m sorry, alright! I tried my best, I mean, when things are jumping all around it’s tough to even know what she was talking about!
It was *much* harder than it looked, trust me.
Oh, you’re *fine*, I can barely even tell you went anywhere, quit your whining.
What kind of name is Ephipany Fields, anyway?
Wait, is it Ephipany?
It’s, uh…
It’s *Epiphany* Field.
Oh. That makes more sense.
Moving on….
*Oh*, *Epiphany.” That makes more sense.
Okay, we’re getting warmer. I think.
*So* if you look at the-- the, like, *lines* or whatever, the bomb shelter *should* lead right into the cave... just, like, from another angle…
...according to this, at least.
Oh. So it does.
Anyways, the map-- it has the field and the bomb shelter, right? What was the point, again?
The shelter *should* lead, like, right into the cave is the “point.”
It looks like it, anyway.
Brilliant!
Is it?
Yeah, how do we get in? It’s just like the cave wall, only… *steel* or whatever *bomb shelters* are made out of.
But… won’t it be, like, locked or something? Right?
That doesn’t really help us, Nona, I mean… a bomb shelter’s pretty much *designed* to keep stuff out.
But how do we get in? Isn’t that a pretty fundamental flaw here?
No no no, this is something I actually remember from that stupid radio tour thing cause it, like, sounded so weird…
It’s called the “Call and Response” system? It *unlocks* the Bomb Shelter, this is showing us how to do it.
See? It says, “When someone sends an emergency signal from the Catbird Station in the woods and the Receiving Station confirms it.”
It was like for missile threats or aerial attacks or whatever they were scared of in the 40’s.
Why do you know this? Why don’t I know this?
But anyways, there’s a Emergency system that automatically opens up the bomb shelter into the cave.
It’s like a connected response thing.
Brilliant!
Really?
It’s good enough for me!
Alright, but c’mon, Nona, do you honestly believe that the old equipment in *either* building will still work?
It’s-- I don’t know, but it’s the only thing we have so far.
And time’s a clickin’.
Okay, any *other* ideas? Preferably ones that aren’t unnecessarily complicated and obtuse and hanging by the thinnest spider-web thread of relevancy?
Alright, then.
I already have one of those military radios...
Okay, Alex and me are a set, and you and Ren, then.
I have one of those military radios from the, uh, that office so... we can split up, I guess?
Yeah, Alex and me are a set, and, uh, you and Nona, then.
Perfect.
Uh, yeah, sure.
But, anyways, yeah, Ren and Nona are a group and Alex and I are a group, then.
Yep, sounds good.
Wait, wait, I, uh, I’m sorry, I kinda zoned out there for a second. What are we doing?
Ren and Nona are Team, uh, Soaring Eagle and you and I are Awesome Squad.
Aw, I want that one!
And we’re splitting up to work some old-fangled machinery to open the bomb shelter to get into the cave to yadda yadda yadda save our lives or whatever.
Can’t we just-- I mean, can we just like think this “plan” through for like one minute before running off half-cocked?
Everyone heard that, right?
Yes.
Like, how will we know how to work the-- the whatever, the *apparatus*-- the *signal machines* when we get there?
We can, uh, improvise?
Yeah, and there’s usually some instructions with little cartoon people on it for the dumb and illiterate.
Like, where are these Comm Stations, exactly?
Don’t we need, like, access codes or… something like that?
*Actually*, I doubt it. It’ll probably be tied to like the military radios and… well, we stole two of ‘em, so.
The system works!
It’ll… like, I know it’s a little, uh, *complex*, but… we’ll just see how it goes. Alright?
Um, actually, I’ve been with Jonas kinda all night, so… if anyone wants to switch up the batting order, I wouldn’t exactly be--
Okay, you could’ve put it a little more *nicely*, but… sure we can--
No! No, this is fine, I mean… why mess with success, right?
Hey, I thought-- I thought we were okay, now?
Right?
Yeah, no no, we’re okay. Nevermind, let’s not, uh, dirty the cabinets, I guess.
Alright, for anyone wondering, I used to say that a lot until I realized how weird it sounded.
It’s just that I’ve been staring at your face so much I’m gonna be dreaming about clawing your eyes out tomorrow.
What?! That’s a thing?!
Jesus, maybe we *should* split up.
Uh, okay, I mean… if you wanna split up...
Alright. Break!
And if anything goes wrong, please don’t tell me, I won’t wanna know.
Same here! I don’t wanna know nothin’!
Well, now I’m gonna run over there and specifically tell you at the first drop of bad news.
Noooo!
Same here! I don’t wanna know nothin’!
Oh man, if this turns out to be just prehistoric home videos…
It’s sweet! They’re learning!
Boooo.
Hissss.
Hissss.
Boooo.
Okay, alright, we get it!
God, it’s just the *first thing*, just give it a second to warm up, will you.
You can, uh, skip this one, Alex.
Yeah, hit the button to keep going.
Alex, we’ve fully absorbed this, it’s Maggie and her friend, let’s move on.
Yeah.
I’m sure this is just the, uh, the opener.
Alright, well, keep going, maybe there’s something else.
On to the next one, Alex.
Yeah, let’s do it. Next slide.
*Alex*. *Slide*.
Here, take the extra radio. I don’t need it, and… you know, that way, we can split up.
Alex and me as a set, and you and Ren.
Oh, *what*? She knew about these things?
Wow, that’s crazy.
It says that-- to fix a “temporal tear,” -- that’s a mouthful-- “in the cave…”
She suspects we need to tune the correct frequency into its energy source.
Yeah, okay, but if it was so easy why didn’t she just do it.
Good question.
Yeah, she knew this whole time and she didn’t clean up the mess?
Eh, true. But what if it would have worked?
Well, *something* better work or--
Or we’re boned.
Or we’re boned, precisely.
Maybe… I dunno, maybe she was wrong and it didn’t work. Maybe she *tried* and it didn’t work.
Maybe it needs like an extra step or-- or there’s, like, something she missed. I dunno.
Alright, hit the button.
Let’s keep it moving, Alex.
We’re kind of on a roll with useful information, so…
No time like the present.
Oh, sorry, this is like-- this looks like the end, but from the from the wrong film thing...
Right?
Yeah… I guess so.
Everyone heard that, right?
Yes.
Oh, we won’t!
Oh, and, uh, before anything else horrible happens… I kinda promised Alex I’d say I’m sorry, Ren, so…
Sorry… about the whole… yelling at you thing.
From earlier.
Okay, you know it defeats the purpose of an apology to say you’re only doing it because somebody *made* you, right?
People normally learn that when they’re, like, *five*.
Well, I’m honest, sue me!
Yes, you are. I'll give you that.
Well, isn’t that downright neighborly of you.
Yes, I’m a great guy, aren’t I.
Yeah, what a *great guy* to say he’s sorry when his new step-sister twists his arm.
Hey, it counts.
By a technicality, sure.
And what do *you* say, Ren?
God, are you like a match-maker or something?
Two people can be a little peeved at each other, it’s okay, Jonas is *clearly* just doing this to make you not mad at him.
But *fine*, I’m *sorry* I stood there and get berated for no reason, there.
Works for me.
Um, sure. Apology accepted. Even though this is just because Alex *made* you.
“We would need to transpose to the ‘other side,’... and tune into the source within itself?”
Okay, but we’re not doing that, right?
But yeah, this is nuts sounding. Go *into* the portal?
It’s like she knew what to do but didn’t…
Yeah.
Or maybe she didn’t know what to do.
Well, I don’t know what to tell you, but strap in boys and girls cause we might have to, okay? If it’s the only thing that will fix us.
But that’s like… *scary*!
Well *something* better work.
Well how would she even know this? I don’t care how much “research” she did, this would be out of *anyone’s* realm of expertise.
See? It says, “When someone sends an emergency signal from the Catbird Station in the woods and the receiving station confirms it.
Alex and me will head through the Woods, do the, uh, the “call” part. You and Ren and can hang by the door to the bomb shelter and open the door when it’s ready.
Yeah, *obviously* Alex is getting-- *has* been sick of me for a while now, so for civility’s sake--
Don’t be like that, Jonas, c’mon.
I’m just-- I don’t--
Forget it, then, okay, I’m sorry! Let’s not, uh, dirty the cabinets, I guess.
If you really wanna split up, it’s fine, we can--
Yeah, that’s-- that’s going a little *above* above and beyond.
Wait, wait, we just-- I think we just time jumped, I think we-- I don’t know, we skipped, like, a bunch of… stuff.
Huh? No we didn’t.
Yeah, we’re okay.
It’s a Radio Lock. The woman sure did love her antiquated security.
Yeah.
I thought maybe I imagined it was locked, but… nope.
Hey Nona.
Hey.
How’s it, uh, going?
Steady as she goes.
Wanna, I dunno, maybe help us look for, like, the way to get out of here?
Honestly, Alex, I feel like such absolute ass right now, that… I don’t know how much of a help I’d be.
And you seem to always have things under control…
For the most part...
We all feel bad, Nona, c’mon, put on some shin guards and get into the game.
Uhhh, so this is a really awkward time to bring this up, but, uh, everything’s terrible now so why not… have you thought about Ren? Like at all?
Surprisingly… uh, a little.
But you can-- you can forget what I said about telling him I’m not interested, if that matters at all.
Uhhh, a little. More for his safety, mind you..
Okay, so… this is probably a terrible time to bring this up, actually I know it is, but… Ren really does mean well, so… just take it easy on him.
No, actually, just, uh-- can you just forget what I said about telling him that I’m not interested, okay?
No, uh, please, let’s talk about something *normal*. But, uh, yeah, I will, no problem.
I don’t know why I said that to begin with.
So.
Uh, Alex, this is… whatever, but… forget what I said about… telling Ren that I don’t-- that I’m not interested, okay?
Why? Did…. something happen?
No, no, I just… I’m going to try and not close off… things… before I even know what I’m closing off, I guess.
And it’s not about *Ren*, specifically, it’s just… anything.
So. Just nevermind with all that.
Are you… interested now… by chance?
Uh, sure thing. Consider it deleted. Click click.
Thanks.
Thanks anyway.
Clarissa.
Your Highness.
Look, I think… like, don’t take this the bad way, but… you need help.
Oh, do I? What kind of help, may I ask.
Like, therapy-help.
No, it’s okay. I tried it, honey. Didn’t take. I’m indissectibile.
A doctor’s help. *Any* doctor that can prescribe things, really.
My mother doesn’t really keep attention to her prescription pad, so… if you have any suggestions, write them down for me, will you.
A priest, I think. You maybe... polluted.
You are *really* taking all of this much too seriously. But I appreciate the concern…
Oh, *that* kind. Well, when we get back into town I’ll keep you abreast of my development, alright, dear?
For the eight hundredth time-- and I don’t even know why I feel like I have to keep selling you on this, but here goes again-- Michael wasn’t my fault.
As long as you believe it, I guess.
I just want you to be keenly aware, *sharply* aware, that I don’t care one-- one *anything* what you think about me. Okay?
And making a big show of telling me-- that surely fits that narrative you’ve drawn up for yourself.
Find anything useful?
Not yet.
But, you know... the night is young.
So… it’s Nona’s birthday in three days.
Really? Awesome. That’s-- that’s great. That’s great, I can, uh, I can really use that.
I feel like-- it’s like I’m behind enemy lines with that one.
This is perfect.
Okay, don’t be like a *predator* now, just-- you know, it’s *information* that I hope you categorize *wisely*.
Got it, definitely. Categorically wizened. Thanks.
Just be *nice* is what I’m trying to say! Say, “Happy Birthday,” you know? Normal *human* stuff.
Oh, yeah, no, of course, got it. I’ll turn up the nice, turn down the charm. Don’t worry. Thanks.
Thanks.
How’s the, uh, Nona stuff going?
Uh, good. I think. I don’t know. I *think* we’re kinda bonding? Maybe?
She told me she missed her dead cat, which, I dunno, I took as a good sign.
Just, uh, be yourself, Ren. Whatever happens, happens, and… this way the *strategy* will be simple to remember.
Got it. Being myself starting now.
Just be… be interested in what she has to say. And mean it, don’t fake it. We can tell when guys fake it.
No you can’t, but sure.
Be… the only way I can put this is, “be interesting.” If she’s bored of you on a night like this, you have nowhere to go but down, *way* down.
Got it. Be interesting, sure.
No? Nothing? Alright.
How are you… how are you feeling? Like, physically? Everyone kinda looks like they have the flu.
Yeah, I mean… not *too* great. Less than good, really, more in the *digested frog* range, I think.
But it’s fine, I’ll pop some whatever when I get home.
So… think we’re really about to make it out of here? I have my doubts, I’ll be honest.
What, you kidding? Of *course* we are. There’s no way this ends with us *not* on our way home, no way.
Oh God, please don’t jinx us.
Don’t worry so much! Buy some lottery tickets, it’ll do you good.
Yeah… you’re probably right.
Totally magotally.
How you doing?
How are *you* doing.
You know what? Better than *friggin’* ever. I feel like I’ve never stopped winning since we landed.
I think you’re a liar… but it’s good to hear for some reason, anyway.
Um, I think as bad as everybody else right now.
I feel like I’ve been run over with a truck. With, uh, acid wheels. If that makes sense.
Yeah, that’s been pretty much the slogan of the night. We’ll make shirts when we get home.
We’ll be okay.
Think Ren secretly hates me since I kinda put my faith in you over him in pressure cooker situations?
*No*, he’ll be alright, I can tell. He looks at you like a sister, that doesn’t drain easily.
Look, Jonas… are we… like… okay? I mean, cause of the whole… taking *not you* to town… thing.
No, no, we’re… I wanna be okay with you. I just-- if we keep at each other’s throats, I don’t know if I’ll be able to make it through the night.
Me neither. So… let’s just not be at each other’s throats anymore. There. See? Easy.
Wellll… maybe a little.
I… will not be an idiot anymore, I promise, Ren’s great, your friends are great, I’ll be fine.
Really.
Right?
Yeah, I think we’re all doing like that.
Wanna come up?
Attics are always a little… haunted house spooky. Right?
Oh, it’s, uh-- it’s a draft of her letter that she left in the office. “To whom it should concern…”
Strange to see her first thoughts, you know? Feels too private.
She left notes everywhere, she said. Hidden with secret signals.
Don’t call her that. She wasn’t *odd*... she was just eccentric.
Maybe she was up to something, you ever think of that? I mean, she’s wrapped up in this thing somehow.
No, I think it’s pretty cool, actually. I could see myself doing something like this for the, uh, the people I leave behind.
Wait, have you seen this? It’s like a… a star map or… a diagram of planets or something?
Just for fun, I guess, I dunno. You have a NASA poster in your room, are you really gonna hop into a shuttle?
Maybe, uh, they need to chart, uh, signals through space or something?
She was an amateur astronomer, probably.
That’s *astrology*, not *astronomy.*
Yeah, yeah, exactly right.
Man, she owned enough books. It’s mostly math, I think. “Ergodic thermodynamics.”
And religion, sheesh, there’s a lot of--
*Okay*, we get it, she liked the smell of paper.
Fascinating insight.
We’ll all miss her dearly.
I’m not talking to you, I’m just talking out loud.
You can only ever talk out loud.
[annoyed grumble]
Okay, why don’t you get off your ass and *help*, then?
I *am* helping. By keeping out of the way of… more enterprising sorts like yourself.
Alex, seriously, just because *you* can practically *pole vault* all night doesn’t mean the rest of us don’t need the occasional breather.
Huh, Ren was right. There’s like a ledger here. The Adler family *does* own the island.
Anddddd here’s the combination for the-- there’s a padlocked chest in the attic upstairs.
Twenty nine. Eighteen. Fifty four.
Uh, cool?
And here’s a... combination for a padlock to a… “chest,” is all it says.
Twenty nine. Eighteen. Fifty four.
A chest? Have you seen one yet?
Negative. But… maybe I just missed it.
Let’s just look. It’ll probably just be more-- whatever-- banking files or something but maybe we’ll get lucky.
Well, I guess let’s just keep looking.
Oh, you know what? This might be the, um, the chest that takes that combination.
The, uh, the chest is padlocked. Needs a combination.
Mrs. Adler was either paranoid beyond belief or just a very tidy woman.
She buried information in “sonically camouflaged” containers, Jonas. My guess is paranoid.
Probably just tidy. It’s not like the ark of the covenant’s in here.
Hey, you never know, she was old enough.
Still locked.
Twenty nine. Eighteen… fifty four.
Nona, c’mon honey, it’s time to motor!
Nona-- Are you okay? Wake up!
Nona, can you-- can you hear me?
Ren! C’mon, we got a boat to catch, buddy!
Ren, are you-- are you alright? We’re in a-- we’re in a Time Loop thing!
C’mon, Ren! Are you asleep?
C’mon, Jonas, I-- I really need you! Don’t blank out on me now!
C’mon, Jonas, up and atm!
Jonas, don’t-- don’t just sit there, we’re in a time shift loop thing!
I hate this.
Hopefully this will work as usual…
I wish there was like-- just *something* here that explained what the crap she was up to.
Maggie?
Forget about it, it’s a dead end.
Yeah, like, just give us a clue! She knew about *some* of this stuff, at least.
Ugh, just-- *so* annoying. It’s called a diary, use it!
Hey, did you know that these gave off *actual* radiation before, uh, we all switched to whatever we use now?
Um. Yes.
It’s X-rays, right? I think it’s X-rays.
Uh, does anyone buy the whole eternal recurrence thing?
Literally no idea what you’re talking about right now.
Yeah, what’s that, again?
Is it like reincarnation?
It’s when-- it’s the idea that if you time is infinite and matter is finite then everything will eventually repeat in the same exact pattern again and again.
I subscribe to whatever snake handlers believe in, so…
We uh… it’s basically that we’re gonna keep doing the same stuff over and over in infinite versions of our lives.
Sounds, uh, bleak.
Not if you make the right choices the first time, I guess.
Uh, sorry, nevermind.
Does anyone-- sorry, but does anyone recognize who this is? I think her name’s Anna?
Nope. Never heard of her.
No.
Uh, no, me neither.
She was a-- a friend of Maggie, I think? I dunno. The, uh, the ghosts just pointed her out.
Uh, just nevermind, then.
The ghosts-- they said-- she said that she died because, like, she couldn’t handle something, or… I forget how they put it.
They were probably just messing with you. Like always.
Yeah, don’t sweat it.
Man, she owned enough books. It’s mostly math, I think. “Ergodic thermodynamics.”
And religion, sheesh, there’s a lot of--
*Okay*, I get it, she liked the smell of paper.
Well… you *do* have the key right there. It’s the radio, just tune it a little, it’ll open like the gate.
No, I, uh, I get it, it’s alright. Rest up.
Alex, seriously, just because *you* can practically *pole vault* all night doesn’t mean the rest of us don’t need the occasional breather.
Oh my God. You’re like those sailors who dreamed of banging a walrus.
Shut up!
Yeah right.
Alex...
Oh, that’s an attic?
I thought it was like… a cat’s toy or something.
Yeah, sure.
It’s the tight spaces, the darkness, the spiders, the creaking and… well, actually that about covers it.
But, you know, cool in a way.
Kind of a thin line, but… sure.
Maybe… but also, things don’t *have* to make sense. Sometimes… stuff just happen… and that’s the end of it.
Well, leave a cheat sheet for the laziest of us, okay?
Yeah, why would she need anything like a… map of the universe?
It’s not like she’s bouncing stuff of satellites for her job.
Or maybe they were back then, what do I know.
Hey, I *might* one day, c’mon.
Maybe…
What, like she cared if you were a Scorpio or something?
I thought that stuff was after her time...
Oohhhhh yeah. That fits the description better.
Never doubt me.
Uhhhh…
I guess they weren’t kidding around.
The reel has tape on it… “Christmas, ‘84.”
I don’t think that will help us.
Well… yeah, probably not.
Alright, there’s already something in here. “Experiments and Findings of Experienced Phenomena, January ‘52.”
Awesome.
Sometimes when I lock myself out of my house I’ll just-- I can’t help but just *stare* at the deadbolt trying to, like, *hypnotize* it open or something. You ever do that?
Um, not really. But we can try that now if you think it’ll help…
Oh forget it, what’s the point, we can’t use it, anyway.
Hey, wanna see if it’ll start?
Uhhhh…
I guess they weren’t kidding around.
I thought maybe I imagined it was locked, but… nope.
Well… you *do* have the key right there. It’s the radio, just tune it a little, it’ll open like the gate.
It’s been disconnected. Bummer.
Uh. Not really.
What do you care?
What do you care how I'm feeling?
Yeah, you should. But just... can we talk about something?
Like… seriously, why didn’t you let me go with you to Main Street?
Did I do something *that* *bad*?
I just don’t get it.
But… whatever, I guess.
Okay, I’m sorry, I just thought you needed, like, a breather. I mean, seriously, an hour earlier you were like possessed and freaking out.
Okay, *that*... is true. I guess. But still… it was… annoying.
Alright, Ren, honestly, the time has come to let it go.
I mean, this just *can’t* be a big deal compared to everything else tonight.
Then I’m-- I don’t know, I’m just sore about it still, but whatever, I’ll chew my resentment down til we’re out.
You were being a total goober, what do you want me to say? I mean, a *second* brownie, you *know* that was dumb.
And what did it effect?! Nothing! I don’t even know why I’m arguing with you, just forget I said anything, go about your business.
Great.
I’m not gonna pretend it didn’t bother me a little, but it’d be stupid to-- like, tonight has been bad enough, I’m not gonna crab about that.
I mean, are you, like, mad at me or something?
Well I-- I’m sorry for whatever it is I guess, and… if it’s about Ren then tell him not to be a jackass anymore and we’ll be fine, I’m sure.
Okay, we’re fine.
She was an odd one, I’ll give her that.
She made a *lot* of… what should I call these? Slides? Their not videos…
Uh, “silent memories.”
There’s something in here...
Just looks like vacation slides or something.
Be careful, that film's really flammable.
Wouldn’t want Smokin’ Johnny to light the house on fire.
Ha ha.
There is of course a time limit here.
So… Ten.
Nine.
Eight.
Seven.
Six.
Five. Once I caught a fish alive.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One. The poor thing’s life had just begun.
One.
Five.
Let’s make this a little harder, okay?
Be fast now.
Five little ducks went out one day.
Over the hills and far away.
Mommy duck called quack quack quack.
But four...
No little ducks came quacking back.
Wait, what are you doing? The way to get out of here is somewhere around here it’s not-- it’s not back out there.
Yeah, c’mon, let’s work this out.
If this is really the end of this, I-- I actually have some more stuff I wanna check out before we leave.
Seriously? I mean, alright… if you really want to.
We’re staying here if you do.
Maggie Adler left *secret* *messages* all over the island, Jonas. I wanna find some of them before we leave.
Okay, I just-- I guess that makes sense.
I mean, if you really wanna look around still, fine, I’ll go with you, but--
Hey, whoa, whoa we’re not done rooting through the house yet.
You’re not giving up yet, are ya?
Yep. You got me. I’m officially retiring for the evening. Gonna find a bush somewhere and sleep under it.
C’mon, you can sleep at home.
If just wanna take a walk, I’ll walk with you, but… we should keep looking.
No, no, I’m just- I just wanna stretch my legs, get some air.
Alright.
There are secret notes out there with secret codes and… I wanna figure out what all this has to do with the submarine.
If you say so.
Oh, uh, see ya later, I guess.
Okay, jeez, *bye*.
Ahh, bye then!
Oh, you’re bored. Okay. I get it.
Uh, okay, see you later.
You can never stand still! It’s amazing to watch, really.
Oh thank God, you’re leaving.
Oh, See ya later, I guess.
Hey, wait, Alex, come on. We’re still processing how to not die! Come back.
Alex, no-- we’re not ready to leave yet, we still got figure out some stuff.
Alex, seriously? Come back and help us-- help us do whatever it is we gotta do to, like, not get ghosted.
Okay. Pause. Wait for Alex to stop merry-go-rounding.
Oh, forget it.
Cool.
Oh just nevermind.
Oh forget it, what’s the point, we can’t use it, anyway.
Hey, wanna see if it’ll start?
Tada.
Oh, Jesus.
Sometimes when I lock myself out of my house I’ll just-- I can’t help but just *stare* at the deadbolt trying to, like, *hypnotize* it open or something. You ever do that?
Um, not really. But we can try that now if you think it’ll help…
Okay.
Really funny, guys. Really funny.
That *is* a nifty gizmo.
[sigh]
“Put some clothes on!”
Remember that guy?
“Where are your parents?!”
“You kids better--”
Oh. Um, Chad’s lake house.
Yeah. Yeah, that guy was a friggin’ weirdo.
Yeah.
Are you, um, doing okay?
Yeah, I’m alright.
Yeah?
We’re going home soon, so.
Yeah, that’s true.
Look, I don’t wanna be a creep about it, but I’ve been like really worried about you.
Why?
Cause I haven’t seen you all night.
I saw you.
What, you mean in town? Like… just earlier?
No, before then.
No you didn’t.
Not after everything happened or whatever.
No?
No.
I could swear… I like, owed you something.
But I guess not.
Hey, do me a favor…
I’m going to ask you something…
And you just answer, and not… question it.
Okay?
Uh, sure.
What’s my dog’s name.
Charlie.
*Charlie*.
Thanks for that.
Ahhhh!
What?
Did a squirrel jump on you?
Some birds flew out of a hole and scared me, that’s all.
Birds. Cheep cheep cheep. You big goof.
Nothing, it was nothing.
Okay.
Grrrr, I hate nature! Stupid birds with their stupid flying and pooping everywhere!
What's going on? Should I be scared?
Some birds just startled her, it's fine.
I thought this was an “adventure?“
Yes, a glorious adventure!
Yeah, well, I changed my mind, it's terrible.
A marvelous adventure.
Shut up.
[light laughter]
Oh, uh, before we get there, I should-- I should probably mention that--
[loud cackling]
Oh God.
Who’s that?
She’s just this girl and I’m totally into her and I want her to be into me so just-- you know-- just-- just be cool, okay? \n
Third row, sits behind Sandles McDumbface....
Played piano in the assembly?
Not ringing any bells.
I don’t know. Why?
Yeah, sure, whatever, Sandals, okay.
She’s just this girl and I’m totally into her and I want her to be into me so just-- you know-- just-- just be cool, okay?
No pouting or complaining or anything, alright?
Deal?
Be cool?
Why wouldn't I?
Ren. Relax.
Reginald! I hear you over there!
H-Hey guys!
That's-- so there’s this girl, Nona--
Don't be, like, just how you can sometimes be.
But really, just be cool, alright, Alex?
Oh, what was the thing you wanted to say to Alex, Jonas?
You can just pretend I’m like a stray dog and can’t understand.
Uh, it was nothing, really.
Yeah… what was it really Jonas. If you have some deep dark secret I’d like to know now before we’re officially housemates.
I’ll just… talk to you later, seriously.
Just leave it alone, Ren, alright, you don’t have to hear everything.
I don’t have to hear everything, but I want to hear everything.
It’s not a big deal, really. Forget about it.
Okayy.
Oh and okay, Jonas, now that we’re dumpster buddies, what *was* the thing you said to Alex back there?
Do you like have one of those vestigial tails or something.
Oh, Jonas is just nervous about moving in with a strange girl in a strange town and fitting in and every stupid cliche you can think of.
I’m not-- that’s not what it was, really. I just like to take the time to make proper introductions, that’s all.
Okay.
Hey.
I don't really know.
No, I think you are.
Yeah. Hi.
Hi.
Yeah, everyone, this is Jonas. Jonas, everyone.
Hey.
I can barely remember that I take American History, so… don’t be offended that I can’t remember where you sit.
No, it’s fine.
What does it look like I’m doing.
Ummm.....
We started a fire down the way, but... Nona wanted to play beach nanny, so…
I just wanted to make sure you guys saw where we were before it got too dark.
We’re back behind the rocks.
Oh, that was nice. You didn’t have to do that.
It's alright.
Oh, I’m sure we would’ve found it.
Yeah, no, it was no problem spotting you, so… but thanks--
Oh yeah, what’d you call it? Tanksgiving?
And Jonas, that’s--
Wait, I was saying… I was about to tell a story, what was it?
About Brad’s car?
Oh, well… that can wait.
Wait, Clarissa’s here? Isn’t there like a small animal you should be torturing somewhere?
Okay...
Scribbles, the family duck, died a week ago, so... no, not really. But it’s a *pleasure* to see you, too, Alex.
You had a “family duck?”
Um, do you two--
It’s, uh, not as cold as I thought it would be.
Who are you again?
Jonas.
Jonas.
Who are you.
That's Jonas.
He’s Alex’s new in town, fresh as a daisy step-brother.
Step-brother?
Really?
Yeah, I know, it's a trip, right?
Uh, yep.
Yeah, this is his first night here so everybody be on your best behavior.
Treat him as you would a scary dog. Palms out.
That’s-- I don’t bite, it’s fine.
Yes, he’s a cool guy from cool North Valley, so let’s all try and show him a good time.
Just the beach and some beer will be enough, I’m sure.
Yes, you’d think he’d be a little old to need a babysitter, but… here we are.
[laughs]
Yeah, if I don’t have anyone to burp me it becomes a real issue.
Alex, c'mon, we're not there yet.
Yeah, so--
Wait wait wait. You’re Jonas. Jonas the step-brother.
Yeah, Uh, what's your name, again?
*That* is Clarissa, but she’s--
How are you her step-brother?
Like, what does that even mean?
Um...
My mom married his dad, so… family law and all.
I’ll give you three guesses.
Her mom’s getting remarried, that’s all, she’s getting remarried to a guy and that’s the guy’s son, so… domino… effect…
Her mom is marrying my dad. So… you know…
Alex, don’t you want to get to the fire, c’mon.
Cool?
Yeah, well, I guess this is happening now! This is a thing that is happening, so... where’s everyone else?
Nicole had that tennis thing.
And?
Who else was supposed to come?
Anyone. Everyone.
There’s, uh, nobody else coming. We’re it.
What.
Clarissa, we… We took the last ferry. I thought more would show up but--
Oh my God. It’s just Alex and her new step brother?
That’s it, that’s who you brought?
That's the group?
Oh, c’mon, Clarissa, I’m fun! I’m hip! I’m with it!
Listen to yourself!
Clarissa, c’mon. Don’t be mean, this is supposed to be fun.
Who said I’m not having any fun? I’m having fun. This is like friggin’ candy land, right now.
Clarissa, seriously, who even invited you?
Uh, I did.
Actually--
Ren invited Nona and Nona invited me, though begged me would maybe be the better way to put it.
I didn’t- I didn’t really beg...
Wait, aren’t you all, like, friends?
I’m friends with Nona and I’m downgrading Ren to like a creepy neighbor.
And you I just met.
Yeah, I’m getting the picture now.
Hey, what about me?
What about you.
Well SORRY.
I accept your apology.
Just nevermind.
Oh, I get it, I'm not even on the spectrum.
What did I do!
Thanks.
You see, Jonas, normally this is like a twenty deep rager, but… Pat had a party last weekend and--
And a bunch of kids got caught teepeeing the school.
But this is great. Right? We’re on Edward’s Island. Forget those losers who couldn’t handle the weekend, who didn’t think we’d make it, who lost my invitation, who had to go on family--
Faster.
We’ve been hearing about this for years and now *we’re* gonna do it.
This is gonna be amazing. Right?
Right, guys?
Yay! Awesomeness!
Yeah!
Yeah! The beach! Island stuff!
Speaking of that doofus, I gotta send Brad a picture of the view to make him jealous.
Idiot didn’t want to come out for, uh, what’d you call it, Ren? Tanksgiving?
[laughing a little]
As of, what? A week ago?
But, yeah, Jonas is now Alex’s stepbrother.
So you’re telling me it’s just Alex and Jonas…
That’s it, that’s who we’re workin’ with.
Look, the only reason I’m ticked is that I thought it’d be the usual, you know, actual *party*.
This is like a… box social.
Whatever, this’ll be fun, I think it’ll be fun.
Where's the bottle opener.
Fire! Man’s great equalizer!
So what’s the, uh, what’s the, like, thing to do here...
Other than obviously go skinny dipping and get murdered by Jason Krueger.
Yeah, I think it’s just whatever.
I mean, there’s the camp site, the caves…
The fort, I mean, I heard that's fun to look around...
We should explore the island. I mean, if this is pretty much a one-time thing, we shouldn’t waste it...
I’m up for pretty much whatever, so…
Oh, Christ.
Hey, where does that old woman live?
Oh... Maggie Adler?
Yeah.
Nowhere. She's dead.
What?
Yep. Keeled over three days ago. It was all over the news.
Local news, anyway.
“Oldest living resident.“
Family’s been movin’ back and forth on the ferry getting all of her crap.
That’s sort of a bummer.
Yeah, well, we all gotta go sometime. In her case, later than sooner.
Hey, we can go see her house. It must be huge, she was rich as a--
No we can’t see her house, there’s a giant fence and I don’t wanna tear my jeans trying to climb it.
Man, really?
And to answer your previous question, Jonas, the “thing to do,“ is lay on the beach and drink till you can’t remember where you are.
Hey, Alex, you brought the radio, right?
The little portable one?
Yeah, of course.
Perfect. Can you pull it out for a second?
What radio?
That little-- you know, the little-- it almost looks like a *toy*, the-- oh. Oh, you're joking.
Just bring it out, will you.
There's the little guy.
Our high school has a radio station and Carly’s-- well, she’s a friend of ours-- she's filling in because Reggie got mono from some track runner or something.
It doesn't matter, what *matters* is that she's gonna say something like... *basically* right now about our thing, so...
Tune it to 88.3 so I can tell her we heard it.
It's, uh, to the *left* of the dial.
88.3
If we miss it, I'll never hear the end from her.
Alex, for the love of all that is holy, it's 88.3!
Haha, that's awesome!
Yeah, let's just get drunk. It's supposed to be a party, right?
Anyway, she's going to give us a shoutout.
Tune it to 88.3.
*Anyhoo*, yeah, Maggie or *Margaret* or whatever Adler died Wednesday.
So she obviously doesn’t live here anymore.
Well only by the strictest definition.
How about we just, uh, hang out… or something? I just don’t wanna get too nuts tonight...
Eh, the zaniest thing on the docket is the 4 AM skinny dip with the--
No.
No.
I mean 4 AM clothed swim time.
Hey. Clarissa seems to be her normal, annoying self. Sorry about that.
Eh, it’s not your fault.
I think somebody dumped pig’s blood on her in a previous life and now she just wants to get ahead of the curve.
Yeah. Probably.
Yeah, what’s her *deal* anyway?
I don’t know, that woman’s perpetually on her period.
Ugh.
Ren!
It’s true! Kind of.
Ren! I’m standing right here.
Oh, you know, I keep forgetting you’re a girl…
Just know, ya know, it’s not about you, it’s her own messed up crap and whatever.
Thanks for, uh, not… ratting me out to Nona during the, uh, the game.
I didn’t *think* you would, but you could've and you didn't. So, thanks.
You know, you could’ve, and you didn’t, so thanks.
Yeah, I mean, I wouldn’t throw you in the deep end or anything… not like a certain person who yelled at Andrew Finnegan about a certain Junior High dance right in the middle of gym class.
*That* was a joke. And he agreed, so. No regrets.
Well, you can make the checks out to CASH. We’ll have an installment plan.
Whatever it takes!
Oh, and what the *Hell* was up with you and the whole Nona thing with the game?
I mean, okay, fine, fun is fun, but…
I’m trying to get in with this girl and it was as if you liked making me look like an idiot.
Look, Ren, she told me… to tell you… that… she’s not in the mood for a relationship.
It’s a game called “Truth or Slap,” Ren, it’s supposed to be a goof. I thought you’d laugh!
Why would I laugh at that!
It really sucked, actually.
I’m sorry, I am, I… I was just trying to have fun. I didn’t know you would take it so seriously.
Just get over it, man, she’s gonna forget all about it by tomorrow morning.
Jonas, you think she’s gonna just “forget about it?”
Uh, yeah. That type of thing never... sticks.
Sure, okay.
It’s fine, I’m sure by tomorrow she’ll have forgotten all about it.
I hope so. Geez. Just… be a little less rough next time.
Yeah, but, ya know... it was a little… much.
In hindsight, I realize that. And… you know, sorry. Again.
Well… I am. I mean, I do, but… it’s fine, I’ll just have to work the ol’ Ren charm even stronger now.
Gross, c'mon.
Yeah, that'll work.
I heard that.
Yeah… Ren… about Nona…
Yeah, what the *Hell* was up with you and the whole me liking her during with the game?
What? Did she say anything?
Because if she said anything you should tell me. Like... word for word.
Like, word for word.
Mayybbe you should… give her a little space, you know?
Really? I thought you girls liked to be pursued.
No, no, we like a challenge, we like something to *catch*. That’s why they call it a “catch.”
Oohhh, alright... I like where your head’s at.
No, you should play a little hard to get, aloof, *mysterious*.
Yeah, I agree. I mean, what do you got to lose? Right?
I think you should go for it.
Oh yeah?
Yeah. I mean, You only live once, so…
Girls like to feel, uh, *wanted* you know? We wanna be romanced, we don’t wanna play games.
Yeah, I agree. I mean, what do you got to lose? Right?
Well, I guess nothing except for my sense of self worth. But makes sense to me!
She told me… to tell you… that… she’s not in the mood for a relationship.
What do you like about her, anyway?
I, uhhh… I don’t know, I just think she’s hot.
Cute! And I dunno… she’s cool, that’s all. I just like her whole vibe.
Okay.
Alright, but I mean, there *are* other fish out there. Big ones. Whales.
Ummm... sure.
Noooo… Really? Man, I *knew* when Clarissa dug in that it would screw the whole thing up with her.
What do you, uh, see in this girl anyway?
Ugh, this is so embarrassing.
Ughgghg.
It’s not about you, it’s nothing personal, it’s just… where *her* priorities are, I guess.
Seriously, forget about it.
Yeah, you’re right, who cares. I’ll get over it.
There’s other girls out there, Ren. It’s not like little hamster girl *Nona* is, like, the *one* for you.
Look, if it’s any consolation, I told her to think about it, so… the door isn’t entirely closed, yet, I don’t think.
Okay. Okay, thanks.
Well… thanks for telling me. I guess. It’s super annoying, but whatever.
Now who’s ready to have their minds *blown*?
If you don’t mean that literally...
I am?
Me me me!
Yeah, the ceiling will be painted with our gray matter, I’m sure.
Just get on with it. What do I do.
Oh, wait, actually… I almost forgot…
Gonna take a little magic trip to cupcake town.
Those... look like brownies.
Brownie town.
Nevermind, that sounds worse.
C’mon, Ren, the last thing I want is to have to chase your frail, screaming body into the ocean because you want to pet fish or something.
What, Jonas is gonna do it, too! Right? Jonas? Mi comida su comida.
Uh, no thanks. I’m with her on the whole… not flipping out and drowning myself thing.
Okay...
Oh, you’re the only one? Gimme.
Ho hoooo no, these are *just* for me. I’ve been waiting a *long* time for this.
Yeah, maybe it’s best he’s the test balloon for this, anyway...
“Magic?” What does that mean?
It means they’re… *enhanced*... with certain… qualities.
Mph. Maybe just… don’t eat too much...
No promises!
Delicious.
Okay, so… see these little piles of rocks? The kids before us always leave ‘em here so you know where to try to tune in the “signals.”
So you’re gonna wanna stand *basically* right... around... here.
And just tune the dial left or right until you start hearing the weirdness.
Just… just pump the brakes a little on the whole Nona thing, okay? I’m sorry I ever mentioned it in the first place.
[laughs]
Oh, I forgot, we never talked about John.
Oh, what, their date?
Yeah, he, uh-- they went to that weird carnival?
How’d he even get Jenny out of the house.
I don’t know.
So what happened.
They just-- it was funny, I guess, they tried to order drinks and they, like, she wanted something-- like a named thing.
Oh God.
Yeah, like a-- like some weird cocktail or something.
And they didn’t know what she was talking about.
And John of course is all nervous and they basically got kicked out. So they didn’t even get to see any of like the stuff.
That’s-- yeah, of course that’s how it went.
When was the last time you were here?
Uh… a year-- two years ago.
Really?
Yeah, it’s… been a while. But whatever.
Wait, what was that?
What was what?
You didn’t see that?\r\n
Oh my God, please don’t mess with me.
Cause in about two minutes I won’t be able to handle it.
No, I saw it. The light, right?
Yeah.
See what?
Okay, ha ha, you scared us, you… uh, *jokester* you.
No, I *actually* saw something. It was like, a...
*That*. What *is* that.
There's like... this is gonna sound stupid but there's like something in here.
Famous last words, famous last words, I called it.
No, there’s--
No, I see it, too.
Yeah, what *is* that?
I’m sure there *is* something in there, like... a giant rabies filled bat or... a... maniac who wears mannequin wigs...
Orrrr a... it kinda looks like a *pool* or something. Like a fresh water one, maybe?
Let’s check it out.
It's not that far in.
Oh boy.
No *way* am I sticking my *head* in a *hole*. There could be *anything* in there.
There isn’t “anything”, it’s this thing, and-- look, I can’t mistake water for a rat family or something.
Rat family. Mr. and Mrs. Ratigan.
If it’s a pool, that’d be cool. I, uh, didn’t mean that to rhyme.
Cool pool.
Uhh… yeah, I have this *thing* about crawling into strange, dark, wet places that might cave in at any moment.
It’s not gonna-- c’mon, I can *see* it from here, it’s not that far. We’ll be in and out.
In and out.
Fortune favors the bold.
Bye.
That was an odd image.
The cave just ate him.
Jonas! Don't!
Wait a minute! Jonas!
Well… I am… going to just rest against here… because I *think*... I mismeasured… the… *magic*.
I think you mean brownie.
I think *you* mean... uh, yeah.
No, c’mon, get up, help me get Jonas before he hurts himself.
Uhhhh… I don’t think I can really… do anything right now. At least for a few hours.
What?!
Hours?!
Ya know. The stuff?
[sigh]
Yeah, you do that.
Do what?
Thanks for making the fire.
Yeah, sure. Gotta put those Owl Scout lessons to use.
Uh, thanks for the beer.
Tell your cousin it was nice.
Eh, she owed me. I lied about where she was so she could see her boyfriend, *Richard.* I mean *Dick*.
But you’re welcome.
You know… Ren… he’s like, kinda like totally into you.
Yeah, no crap.
The guy was practically humping her leg when he asked her to this.
No, he wasn't.
He was fine.
Hey Nona, did you hear? Ren is like “totally into you.”
Shut up.
Okay, I wasn’t even talking to you, so…
Oh, my *apologies*. I thought we were *all* just talking.
Didn’t realize it was a classified conversation.
But please, carry on.
Okay, you’re right, that was mean, I’m sorry.
Hey, mark down the date, she’s being nice to me.
Look, can you just stay out of this? It’s not about you.
Everything is about *you* when you’re *you*, dear. If I wasn’t hearing it, I wouldn’t give a damn.
It's okay, guys.
Nona, Ren’s a great guy. And there’s no pressure or anything, but… I just wanna put in a good word for him... for whatever it’s worth.
Nona, Ren’s… he’s harmless, okay?
He can come off a little weird and I know he clips his toenails in gym class but his house is like *right* under those power lines, so...
Look, Nona… now that we’re not playing that stupid game. What do you really think about Ren?
You already know what she thinks about him.
Honestly… it just depends what you mean.
Uhhh.... what do you mean.
You still wanna know what I think about Ren? Cause I’m gonna need to know what you mean first...
You know… as a boyfriend.
Oh. That.
You know, just in… general, I guess.
He’s… neat, I guess. Sometimes he acts a little weird, but… weird is good, it’s better than normal.
For God's sakes, it's obvious what she means. He likes her. Right?
Look, Alex… Ren seems... nice? And... I know he’s your friend and, you know, whatever but... I’m just not in the mood for… something, right now. So, if you could just, like, tell him that?
Just so he like doesn’t get his… hopes up or… whatever.
I’d appreciate it.
Yeah, I was just saying... just if you could tell Ren I’m not interested right now…
That would be great.
Nona, c’mon, be a big girl here. You can tell him if you're not into it.
Whatever. I thought it would be better coming from a *friend*, but yeah, sure.
Yeah. Sure thing.
Thanks.
Just… just think about it, will you? He’s not a bad guy.
I know. But… you think about it, too.
Think about dating him?
*No*, think about telling him I'm not into so he doesn't like get his hopes up or whatever.
Oh.
You look... relaxed.
I am relaxed.
Clarissa, seriously… what’s your problem?
Nothing’s wrong, Alex. And even if something *was* wrong... there is no problem on the face of the Earth that cannot be solved by what I’m doing right now.
What's that.
Staring into forever.
Meditating?
Yeah, sure.
Clarissa, I wanna be friends. Can we be friends?
This is like a very special episode of Fart Date.
[laughs]
I'm friends with everybody, Alex, alright? Relax.
Are you alright? Did something happen today or something?
Something happens every day.
Ren?
Shunnah... funnah?
Forget it.
Island livin', huh.
Uh, yep.
Get any reception, or...
No, not really.
Look, I’m sorry about all that… *drama* over nothing...
No, nah, it’s fine. How are you doing?
Uh, fine. I’ve known Clarissa long enough that… she needs to really go deep into her bag of tricks to tick me off.
Good.
Honestly I’m kinda annoyed right now. Clarissa has a way of just digging her claws in, ya know?
Yeah, I feel like I kinda do know now after the game. But, it’s fine, forget about it.
Pissed. But, I mean, she has to live with herself and I don’t so… I win.
Good point.
Just gonna bottle your anger, huh? Okay, but don’t, like, explode it on me in like an hour or something.
I, uh, didn’t realize our cell phones wouldn’t work on the island. I kinda promised my Dad I’d call him.
He never used to be this, uh, *needy*, but… since my Mom died he’s kinda shortened the leash on me a bit.
He’s gonna be kinda pissed.
Not a good way to start the move, huh?
Oh, he’ll be fine. He knows you’re with me.
I think that’s what he’s worried about.
He has my mom, so…
Ugh, *that’s* where you go?
Not like that! I just mean, you know, he has somebody else to talk to!
Oh, okay, yeah I guess that makes sense.
Yeah, I shoulda warned you. The technology here… I think they just got, like, mechanical pens, so...
Eh, it's no big deal, don't worry about it.
I’m gonna just write a text to him so in case I wander into a couple of bars or something, he might get it.
Uh, I was just saying that my dad’s gotten kinda needy, that’s all… since my Mom passed.
Let’s hop this thing and check in with Ren.
Alright, let’s do it.
C’mon, I’ll push you over.
Whenever you’re ready.
Unless I get a crink in my back, which…
Might happen if you don’t go soon.
So… the cave… what’s your bet. On a scale of one to ten, how weird is it gonna be?
I dunno. A one? Ren’s pulled me into a closet to look at a broom he swore looked like Abraham Lincoln, so… adjust your expectations accordingly.
Alright.
Probably a five. Weird enough to remember, but... not weird enough to tell anybody about it after.
It’s Ren, so definitely ten. He gets excited easily, but… he has the concentration of a goldfish.
The fact that he keeps demanding we see it must mean something.
I’m goin’ with eight. I think Ren knows his caves.
Oh, hey, I guess good bye!
I can still hear you.
Just forget it.
Oh, sorry, I get-- sometimes I get antsy. I have like *no* attention span.
I can see that.
Really? Again? Fine.
Sorry, I have like *no* attention span, it’s not your fault.
I know.
Uh, alright, see you later!
Oh. Bye!
Hey, where's this gate go to?
Uh, kitten, we’re playing a game here?! Be social and come play.
We’re not the tour guide!
How’d you get the fire started?\r\n
“We are the fire starter!“
A lighter.
We are truly marvels of modern science.
If it wasn’t so cold, I’d want to go swimming.
Yeah, I’m always surprised it stays as warm as it does in the summer…
[laughs]
No, it’s alright, Nona. It’s like a little one act play. “I Wanna Fit In: The Alex Story.”
How will we… know when it’s…
You'll know, trust me.
So just pull out your radio...
Any day...
While we're young...
Seriously, Alex, just pull out your radio and tune it.
Holy crap.
Wow, it’s even cooler than I thought it would be.
This is insane.
How… how is this… how can this be possible?
Maybe the tuning’s, like, unblocking a weather balloon or something…
That doesn’t make any sense.
Well it’s just crazy, then, cause I don’t know.
What… is it? What’s doing it?
It... it must be... uh... like....
*My* running theory has always been like traffic reports from another galaxy, but… you know…
If you move around it kind of changes, too... I think. Like… over at *this* pile… come over here and try it.
This is so cool.
I know!
Clarissa and Nona should see this. Right? I mean, I know it’s like *weird* with you guys or whatever for some reason, but--
They-- they’re fine where they are.
Okay, just what is Clarissa’s issue with you two.
Really.
It’s not… an “issue” with me… persay.
She dated Michael for *five* seconds, like, *three* years ago.
It was for a couple months a year and a half ago.
Who cares, it doesn’t matter.
Clarissa dated her brother, Mike, for a little while way back when.
The *problem* is that she’s a monster who can’t help monstering out on everybody.
It's just...
It’s no big deal, though.
Just ignore it.
Whatever! She never liked me, not even then!
I was always the little sister who got in the way, who she had to climb in through windows to sneak around.
She should just seriously get over it already.
Clarissa’s the kind of person who doesn’t feel “full” unless she’s pissed at somebody, so…
Oof. The brownies are kickin’ in. Did that make sense?
[laughs]
Enough sense.
Yeah, it did to me.
Okay, good.
Kind of. I got it.
Are you... okay?
I think so.
Tell me if I start talking too much. Or not enough.
Now there’s another cool spot, I think, over here…
If you wanna bring it on over.
Bring the noise, as they say...
God, it sounds... so...
Yeah, it sounds, uh....
Uhhh.......
Ummm......
Satanic.
Not what I was gonna say, but… close enough.
It’s freaking me out, a little.
Yeah.
It sounds… like, painful.
I’m just gonna go with blood-curdling.
Wow! What was that?!
God, you don’t even give a guy some warning!
Wait, what’d you just eat?
A somewhat magic brownie but, uh, don’t worry about it, the important thing is that with these rocks, you can tune, and this weird stuff happens!
It’s really-- it’s crazier than I thought it would be, really.
I don’t get it.
This is the thing, you tune into these rocks and this weird stuff happens.
Guess we’re not going in there again. Whatever happened must have... caved in the opening.
Hey no, Alex, wrong way, that’s back to town, we’re going to the beach.
That’s down here.
I know, but I-- I wanna look around Main Street some more. We kinda flew right past it.
You’ll have every second of time later, let’s set up, like, home base first.
Oh, alright.
Alex, seriously, that’s the wrong way, you can’t get to the beach from there.
Fine by me.
Thanks for making the fire.
Yeah, sure. Gotta put those Owl Scout lessons to use.
Uh, thanks for the beer.
Tell your cousin it was nice.
Eh, she owed me. I lied about where she was so she could see her boyfriend, *Richard.* I mean *Dick*.
But you’re welcome.
You know, seriously… Ren… he’s like, kinda like totally into you.
Yeah, no crap.
The guy was practically humping her leg when he asked her to this.
No, he wasn't.
He was fine.
Hey Nona, did you hear? Ren is like “totally into you.”
Shut up.
Okay, I wasn’t even talking to you, so…
Oh, my *apologies*. I thought we were *all* just talking.
Didn’t realize it was a classified conversation.
But please, carry on.
Okay, you’re right, that was mean, I’m sorry.
Hey, mark down the date, she’s being nice to me.
Look, can you just stay out of this? It’s not about you.
Everything is about *you* when you’re *you*, dear. If I wasn’t hearing it, I wouldn’t give a damn.
It's okay.
Nona, Ren’s a great guy. And there’s no pressure or anything, but… I just wanna put in a good word for him... for whatever it’s worth.
Nona, Ren’s… he’s harmless, okay?
He can come off a little weird and I know he clips his toenails in gym class but his house is like *right* under those power lines, so...
Look, Nona… now that we’re not playing that stupid game. What do you really think about Ren?
You already know what she thinks about him.
Honestly… it depends what you mean.
Uhhh.... depends what you mean.
You still wanna know what I think about Ren? Cause I’m gonna need to know what you mean first...
You know… as a boyfriend.
Oh. That.
You know, just in… general, I guess.
He’s… neat, I guess. Sometimes he acts a little weird, but… weird is good, it’s better than normal.
For God's sakes, it's obvious what she means. He likes her. Right?
Look, Alex… Ren seems... nice? And... I know he’s your friend and, you know, whatever but... I’m just not in the mood for… something, right now. So, if you could just, like, tell him that?
Just so he like doesn’t get his… hopes up or… whatever.
I’d appreciate it.
Yeah, I was just saying... just if you could tell Ren I’m not interested right now…
That would be great.
Nona, c’mon, be a big girl here. You can be straight with him.
Well, I thought it would be better coming from a *friend*, but yeah, sure.
Yeah. Sure thing.
Thanks.
Just… just think about it, will you? He’s not a bad guy.
I know. But… you think about it, too.
Think about dating him?
*No*, think about telling him to, like, not think we’re gonna date.
Oh.
You look... relaxed.
I am relaxed.
Clarissa, seriously… what’s wrong.
Nothing’s wrong, Alex. And even if something *was* wrong... there is no problem on the face of the Earth that cannot be solved by what I’m doing right now.
What's that.
Staring into forever.
Meditating?
Yeah, sure.
Clarissa, I wanna be friends. Can we be friends?
This is like a very special episode of Fart Date.
[laughs]
I'm friends with everybody, Alex, alright? Relax.
Are you alright? Did something happen today or something?
Something happens every day.
Ren?
Shunnah... funnah?
Forget it.
Island livin', huh.
Uh, yep.
Get any reception, or...
No, not really.
Look, I’m sorry about all that… *drama* over nothing...
No, nah, it’s fine. How are you doing?
Uh, fine. I’ve known Clarissa long enough that… she needs to really go deep into her bag of tricks to tick me off.
Good.
Honestly I’m kinda annoyed right now. Clarissa has a way of just digging her claws in, ya know?
Yeah, I feel like I kinda do know now after the game. But, it’s fine, forget about it.
Pissed. But, I mean, she has to live with herself and I don’t so… I win.
Good point.
Just gonna bottle your anger, huh? Okay, but don’t, like, explode it on me in like an hour or something.
I, uh, didn’t realize our cell phones wouldn’t work on the island. I kinda promised my Dad I’d call him.
He never used to be this, uh, *needy*, but… since my Mom died he’s kinda shortened the leash on me a bit.
He’s gonna be kinda pissed.
Not a good way to start the move, huh?
Oh, he’ll be fine. He knows you’re with me.
I think that’s what he’s worried about.
He has my mom, so…
Ugh, *that’s* where you go?
Not like that! I just mean, you know, he has somebody else to talk to!
Oh, okay, well I guess that makes sense.
Yeah, I shoulda warned you. The technology here… I think they just got, like, mechanical pens, so...
Eh, it's no big deal, don't worry about it.
I’m gonna just write a text to him so in case I wander into a couple of bars or something, you know, he might get it.
Uh, I was just saying that my dad’s gotten kinda needy, that’s all… since my Mom passed.
Let’s hop this thing and check in with Ren.
Alright, let’s do it.
C’mon, I’ll push you over.
Whenever you’re ready.
Unless I get a crink in my back, which…
Might happen if you don’t go soon.
So… the cave… what’s your bet. On a scale of one to ten, how weird is it gonna be?
I dunno. A one? Ren’s pulled me into a closet to look at a broom he swore looked like Abraham Lincoln, so… adjust your expectations accordingly.
Alright.
Probably a five. Weird enough to remember, but... not weird enough to tell anybody about it after.
It’s Ren, so definitely ten. He gets excited easily, but… he has the concentration of a goldfish.
The fact that he keeps demanding we see it must mean something.
I’m goin’ with eight. I think Ren knows his caves.
Oh, hey, I guess good bye!
I can still hear you.
Just forget it.
Oh, sorry, I get-- sometimes I get antsy. I have like *no* attention span.
I can see that.
Really? Again? Fine.
Sorry, I have like *no* attention span, it’s not your fault.
I know.
Uh, alright, see you later!
Oh. Bye!
Hey, where's this gate go to?
Uh, kitten, we’re playing a game here?! Be social and come play.
We’re not the tour guide!
How’d you get the fire started?\r\n
“We are the fire starter!“
A lighter.
We are truly marvels of modern science.
If it wasn’t so cold, I’d want to go swimming.
Yeah, I’m always surprised it stays as warm as it does in the summer…
[laughs]
No, it’s alright, Nona. It’s like a little one act play. “I Wanna Fit In: The Alex Story.”
How will we… know when it’s…
You'll know, trust me.
So just pull out your radio...
Any day...
While we're young...
Seriously, Alex, just pull out your radio and tune it.
Holy crap.
Wow, it’s even cooler than I thought it would be.
This is insane.
How… how is this… how can this be possible?
Maybe the tuning’s, like, unblocking a weather balloon or something…
That doesn’t make any sense.
Well it’s just crazy, then, cause I don’t know.
What… is it? What’s doing it?
It... it must be... uh... like....
*My* running theory has always been like traffic reports from another galaxy, but… you know…
If you move around it kind of changes, too... I think. Like… over at *this* pile… come over here and try it.
This is so cool.
I know!
Clarissa and Nona should see this. Right? I mean, I know it’s like *weird* with you guys or whatever for some reason, but--
They-- they’re fine where they are.
Okay, just what is Clarissa’s issue with you two.
Really.
It’s not… an “issue” with me…
Per say...
She dated Michael for *five* seconds, like, *three* years ago.
It was for a couple months a year and a half ago.
Who cares, it doesn’t matter.
Clarissa dated her brother, Mike, for a little while way back when.
The *problem* is that she’s a monster who can’t help monstering out on everybody.
It's just...
It’s no big deal, though.
Just ignore it.
Whatever! She never liked me, not even then!
I was always the little sister who got in the way, who she had to climb in through windows to sneak around.
She should just seriously get over it already.
Clarissa’s the kind of person who doesn’t feel “full” unless she’s pissed at somebody, so…
Oof. The brownies are kickin’ in. Did that make sense?
[laughs]
Enough sense.
Yeah, it did to me.
Okay, good.
Kind of. I got it.
Are you... okay?
I think so.
Tell me if I start talking too much. Or not enough.
Now there’s another cool spot, I think, over here…
If you wanna bring it on over.
Bring the noise, as they say...
God, it sounds... so...
Yeah, it sounds, uh....
Uhhh.......
Ummm......
Satanic.
Not what I was gonna say, but… close enough.
It’s freaking me out, a little.
Yeah.
It sounds… like, painful.
I’m just gonna go with blood-curdling.
Wow! What was that?!
God, you don’t even give a guy some warning!
Wait, what’d you just eat?
A somewhat magic brownie but, uh, don’t worry about it, the important thing is that with these rocks, you can tune, and this weird stuff happens!
It’s really-- it’s crazier than I thought it would be, really.
I don’t get it.
This is the thing, you tune into these rocks and this weird stuff happens.
And sometimes we play Truth or Slap.
Yeah! Let’s play that!
We can inaugurate Jonas.
Ease him into the night’s festivities.
Truth or “Slap“? What’s that?
We used to call it Hippo until we got tired of people asking, “Why’s it called Hippo?”
Because you get to yell, “You’re a dirty hippo,” before you slap someone.
Isn’t it, uh, Truth or Dare?
This is better than Truth or Dare because nobody ends up licking somebody’s butthole. \r\n
You get asked a question, you have to tell the truth, but if somebody can prove that you lied the accuser gets to slap you.
It’s a good, uh, getting to know somebody game.
Unless you lie a lot.
Then it’s just a good hitting game.
Yeah, fun. Any excuse to hit Ren. \r
Hey, I’m the truthiest truth who ever truthed a--
Alright, let’s just get on with it!
How can you prove that somebody lied?
Hearsay, rumor, conjecture… the usual.
Uh, alright, I’m in. Let’s do it.
I haven’t played this since I was like… ten. Can’t we do something else?
C’mon, it’s a good way to start out the night. One round?
It’ll help everybody relax.
It’ll help everybody relax.
The booze will do that, too.
Fine, let’s all smack the taste out of our mouths, I guess.
Hurray!
Maybe I’ll just be an innocent bystander...
Well… I guess if you really want...
Yeah, let’s do it, how do we, uh, kick it off?
Okay, so first we're gonna--
I’ll start!
Ren!
Uh huh....
C’mon, fess up. You wanna go out with Nona, right?
Clarissa!
Wait wait wait, I wanna hear his answer.
Uhhhh....
Clarissa, c’mon, you’re supposed to ask like, “Have you ever stole something…” not super weirdo probing stuff.
You ask probing stuff if you play the game *right*, Alex.
Oooh man, you’re good at this.
If being *good* means being kinda mean about it…
It’s just, I mean… go *out* could mean so many different things…
Okay, that’s-- Clarissa, you know what, ask me something instead, anything you want.
Oh, really? I thought you were just watching.
You can’t just jump in and out as your heart sees fit, dear.
It's okay, Alex.
Well look, I changed my mind, okay! I wanna play.
And you’ll get your turn *after* Reginald answers the question!
Oh yeah… I, uh, forgot I said that.
You’ll get your turn *after* Reginald answers the question.
Look, it's tough to gauge, uh, something like--
Enough stalling! I know you wanna sample the goods, now just say so.
No, I mean, I-- I like her as a friend, right? That’s-- I just like her as a friend.
That’s all, she’s cool, she’s-- she’s just a friend.
Oh yeah right!
Okay, thank you, Clarissa, this was very enjoyable.
Oh stop.
Alright, great, let’s just move on.
Let’s ease off the throttle for the next one, okay, Clarissa?
Yeah.
What? This game isn’t any fun if you don’t get a stomach ache.
We all know he’s lying, we just can’t prove it.
I’m not lying!
Whatever, man.
Liar! Liar! He’s lying! He totally likes her!
What?! Alex, c’mon, what are you doing?!
I knew it! You can practically smell it on him.
Can we just drop this please?
I’m kidding, relax. Last I heard, he’s still pining for Lindsey, his secret Canadian girlfriend.
Yeah… well.. I have a thing for hockey, so…
Sure.
He-- *you* told me you liked her! Why’d you even *try* to cover, you *knew* I knew, I’m standing right here.
Because you said you weren’t even playing!
And then she changed her mind!
Oh, c'mon!
She can jump in, it’s only the first round.
Because I asked you to be cool about it and now you’re being, like, whatever the complete opposite of cool is! Hot! But in a bad way!
Alright, Alex, you get first blood. Slap him like he stole something.
I can’t believe this is happening.
This really doesn’t--
Hush. This is for your honor. Watch and relish.
If you’re gonna do it, just do it.
Any day…
Alex?
Eh. You’ve suffered enough.
Oh, *thanks*.
And it’s not even my birthday!
Yeah, everything’s coming up Alex, isn’t it!
Alright, that’s it, you can’t leave me in suspense. There’s like a statute of limitations here and time ran out.
Aw, she took pity on you. Like a deformed frog.
Well that’s perfect because that’s what I feel like right now.
Okay, it’s Ren’s turn, right? He gets to ask somebody something?
I wonder who I’m gonna ask… oh, I know! Alex!
Alex, Alex, Alex.
Oh great, here we go.
“What’s your favorite stuffed animal?”
“Professor Snodgrass the Platypus Man.”
I’ll ask a *real* question, okay?
Uh oh.
[laughs]
I just have to think about which nerve I want to so delicately pinch.
Oh please. Shoot. I can take it.
Okay, uh, just... take it easy, alright? Tis all in good fun?
Hey, no partnering up to be pansies.
Silence!
Oh, I’ll take it *easy*. *Very* easy.
For some reason, I don’t think he’s gonna take it easy.
Ren, really, I’m not playing, I just wanna watch.
Oh c’mon, you’re pretty much standing in the prayer circle. I’ll ease you in with a softball.
Ren, I don’t really feel like playing, if that’s alright.
I’m not, uh, playing.... remember?
I, uh, don’t wanna play?
Hahah no no no. You can’t pull that card anymore, sorry. Not after that crap.
Marry, Screw, Kill… me, Nona and Clarissa!
What?!
Why!
It's fun, it's funny, I dunno!
And Jonas is family now technically, so he’s excluded!
Why thank you.
Well, I’d marry Nona… I like the quiet types.
I’m flattered. I think.
Well… I think I’d marry you, actually. We know each other the best, so… not a lot of surprises there.
Perfect! Stay-at-home husband!
I’d probably marry Clarissa.
[laughs]
[laughs]
Okay. Lie. Right there. I mean, *why* in God’s name would you marry me, of all people.
What, you’re a catch!
Redheads are, like, the rarest breed.
She’s not a horse.
Yeah, but still.
Eh, just to make you mad. *And* to get half of your stuff in the divorce.
Ugh, whatever, who cares.
How could I pass up the opportunity to hear this biting *wit* every day.
You can dust the top of my trophy case when I don’t want to drag out the step stool.
Okay, you're going on down the line.
Who'd you do the dirty with.
I’d do Ren. We know each other the best, so… it’d be… like, less weird? And you’re in a band.
Yeah! I knew those bass lessons would come in handy!
Clarissa, obviously.
“Obviously!” You’re not gonna call her on that?
No, I believe her. I mean, look at me.
Nona. She seems like she’d be *present* and *giving* unlike some people here.
Hey, I’m present! I wouldn’t lose my place or nothing, scout’s honor.
Ugh, God, this is such a horrible turn.
Earth to Alex. Mission Control, you read me?
Hey, honey, if you don’t answer, that’s a forfeit, and a forfeit’s the same as a lie, and if it’s the same as a lie, the *penalty’s* the same.
Fine, whatever, I forfeit. You wanna smack me, be my guest.
This is dumb, okay? It's dumb, c'mon.
Okay, clearly you’re not gonna answer, so.
She’s uncomfortable, it’s fine, it was a stupid question, anyway, we don’t have to, ya know, incur the wrath of whatever.
And wait… wait, that means you’d kill me!
Out of everyone here!
Your best friend!
Oh yeah… sorry. It just worked out that way, I swear!
And I’m the only guy! This is misandry! Misandry, I say!
Okay, settle down.
Hey, you wanted to know!
Which of course means that you’d strangle Clarissa in her sleep if you ever got the chance.
What a shocker.
[laughs]
Yes, I mean, why would you have any control over the words and thoughts coming out of your face.
Hey now, you can’t control a sneeze. And I think this falls more in the realm of bodily function.
Eh, she got what was coming to her.
Yeah, I mean, you did shove her into the community pool in sixth grade.
I did, didn’t I. I was a hilarious kid.
Which means, of course, that you’d smother poor Nona with a pillow.
Really? Nona?
Just heartless.
What'd she ever do to you!
It’s alright. I’d probably kill me, too.
Yeah, she did wear white after Labor Day that one time.
Okay, well march over here like a good girl so I can.
Hey, if you wanna think the game’s dumb, that’s fine. But you’re still getting punished.
So march over here and take it like a big girl.
So... Alex's turn?
Yep, lady’s choice. Alex gets to pick who to ask something of.
Except me, cause I just went.
If she’ll ever pick somebody…
Okay, she’s officially relinquished her picking rights by being an idiot and not saying anything.
Well, uh...
Um, Nona!
Yes?
Alright, let’s uh… make it something, uh… fun and easy now.
Or, you know, actually fun.
Ever, uh, pee in a swimming pool?
Ugh, no!
Super question, you’re like an investigative journalist or something.
Is it that hard to come up with a question to ask me?
Oh my God, if you can’t even speak, your turn gets skipped.
Do you like Ren?
Oh Jesus, can we just stop with the whole me and Nona thing, please?
Of course she doesn’t!
She barely likes anybody, she’s like an amoeba!
One day she’ll reproduce in a cloud of spores!
Thanks.
I’d like to hear this from her, thank you.
No? Not even a little bit?
You don’t have to answer.
I like Ren like a friend, like-- it’s-- there’s-- he’s a nice guy, you’re a nice guy and we goof off and-- you know?
Tada! All is right with the world.
Oh shut up.
Does Clarissa ever do anything that just, like, really annoys the crap out of you, or…
[giggles]
Think carefully now.
Um… you sometimes tap your nails on things when you’re, uh, bored.
[cackling]
What?! I barely do that.
It’s more than-- it’s like a lot, you do it a lot.
That’s it!? C’mon, didn’t she like get to second base with your cousin or something?
Hey!
He kissed me on the cheek when he was six on the swings.
Ha! I knew there had to be something.
Okay, alright, huzzah, you got me, let’s just get on with it.
[laughs]
No, I know exactly what she’s talking about. It’s a tic.
Clarissa.
Oh boy.
Yes, mum?
This is pretty fun just watching, I’ll admit.
Well. Wait.
Do you like anyone? Like like like anyone?
There's no one in school worth liking now.
C’mon!
Ouch.
So no, I don’t. But nice try.
That Santa Claus really is coming to town.
What's your worst fear?
Seriously.
Dying with too many regrets, probably, I don’t know.
Seems reasonable.
I guess...
It's all I can think of on short notice.
Really? Dying with too many regrets is your *worst* fear? Not being trapped in a locker with scorpions or something?
No, because I’m not *five*.
I kind of get that, actually.
Yeah, we’re practically sisters, I can feel it.
If someone were to ask you to describe me… what would you say?
Wow! Really swinging for the fences here...\r
I’d tell them you were an average girl with common thoughts.
Geez, why don’t you say what you really think.
Actually to be honest I expected a lot worse, so…
I’m in a good mood.
Well... I think you're wrong, so.
I haven’t seen much evidence to the contrary, *so*...
Okay, okay, let’s keep it moving.
That’s, like, the meanest thing you can say to someone. *Average*? I’d rather be hated!
No, you think that now, but then you get like an arch-enemy and it becomes a whole thing.
It’s not mean. I could’ve been mean. That wasn’t.
Well, I don’t know what I was expecting, so… okay.
Uh, Jonas.
Yeah huh.
Tell the truth. How do you really feel about your dad marrying my mom and the fact that we’re now defacto organ donors.
Well, unless you turn out to be crazier than you look…
That’d be hard.
...I think it’s… fine.
Only known her one night and is already fine with it. Whatta guy.
I asked you this already and you kind of fluffed me off…
Have I ever been to jail.
I heard a little rumor… somewhere… that you’d maybe… possibly… been to jail?
No, I’ve never been to jail.
Really?
Nope. Not yet. Knock on wood.
Awww. It was more fun thinking you ran blood diamonds or something.
Sorry to disappoint.
Realllyy? Never, never? Never ever, ever?
No, not even ever, ever.
Well, that’s good to know you won’t… fashion my toothbrush into a shiv.
I *guess*.
What do you honestly think about moving here?
Uhhh, I… like it, honestly. People seem nice? I mean, Camena’s a crapload better than Westedge.
Is that where you’re from?
Yeah. It’s... less than great.
Thanks. I like it enough.
Sometimes.
Eh, this town’s not so hot. Little things will start to annoy you like anywhere.
Like the lights on third street.
Why do they take so long! Why?!
What didn’t you like about your hometown?
Everybody’s a farmer or a banker. And nobody did well in anything anyway so it didn’t even matter.
Just like here except for the farming and the banking. And I guess the third one, too.
Nona. You’re up.
Oh! Uh, Clarissa… if you had to get a tattoo, what would it be?
Huh.
A chick riding a motorcycle on fire.
She didn’t ask you.
A dolphin, right? Or a butterfly with like a Native American poem written above it.
A better question would be, “What would she get when the artist refused to draw two dogs eating a dead baby on her forehead?”
A small, black spot, so she could tell everyone it was just a mole.
I’d get like a little Ampersand… on my ring finger. I think I actually *am* gonna get that after I move out. So my parents can’t say no.
Neat.
Is it my question now, then?
Yep.
Okay. Clarissa, uh, last person you made out with.
Oh. Uh...
Maybe something else?
Or, yeah, maybe who’s the last person you, uh, hugged… instead?
What’s the matter. It’s an honest question.
Oh, great, this should be good.
Oh will you all *relax*. I’ve made out with people since... God!
Anyways, um, that would have to be Ryan Fischer, two weeks ago in Iggy’s den.
I knew it!
Yeah, well. He was there and I was tired.
Clarissa’s turn now.
Alex… you got a new brother. Pretty exciting.
I’m sure Jonas is excited, or maybe... “excited” isn’t the right word. Maybe a little overwhelmed with just everything, you know? Unsure…
It’s a lot to take in and adjust to.
I’m, uh, fine with it, really.
Well, as fine as you can be, anyway, right?
He, uh, seems okay? Right? You're okay.
Yeah, but, uh, thanks, I guess.
What’s your point, Clarissa?
Is there, like, a question coming or…?
I’m just saying what Jonas is already thinking, that statistics show if you get divorced once, you’re *probably* gonna get divorced again.
And the fact is your mom divorced your dad, so…
Let’s put his mind at ease and hear why.
I don’t… I don’t really *need* to know the situation before. It's none of my business.
*What* are you talking about? What is this even… what does this have to do with anything?
Why’d your parents get a divorce.
Just so Jonas can hear it from you.
Clarissa. Jonas is *fine*. He’s not a scared puppy, none of that matters.
Well, let’s hear *why* your parents got a divorce in the first place and we’ll see if it matters.
Okay, just… get to whatever point this is getting to.
The point is… why’d your parents get a divorce?
It *is* your business. You’re family now, so… let’s hear it out. Why’d your parents get a divorce, Alex?
Clarissa, I don’t really *care* why they got a divorce, just that Alex’s mom is happy *now*.
But how can we be *sure* unless you know why.
You know why. Michael died and it broke everything and they couldn’t handle it, the end.
Well, now you know, Jonas. Don’t die and everything will be fine.
Okay, Clarissa--
What.
You know, guys, honestly, I think I’m ready to just do pretty much anything else but this game.
They had… it was just issues, like any other marriage, and they just couldn’t get past theirs.
That’s complete crap. I know you know why, *specifically* why, just come out with it.
This isn’t fair. Like, at all.
I went *super easy* on you when it was my turn.
And this is an “easy” one, too! Why’d your parents get divorced! I know you know why!
Of course it’s “fair!” Why’d your parents get divorced! I know you know why!
Silence counts as a lie, Alex.
My brother Michael died and it broke everything and they couldn’t handle it, the end.
I quit, okay. I’m not playing anymore, I don’t care about “winning” if this is what this is.
Go to Hell. That’s my answer. Happy?
Yeah, I won the turn, of course I’m happy.
Alright, you know what? Let’s just stop the game, okay? I think everyone’s ready to do something else.
Wait, let’s-- let’s not stop it like this, we should, like--
Game’s over, Ren. I won. And to celebrate I’m gonna sit on the beach and drink and maybe if I’m feeling spicy even take a nap.
Maybe we could--
And that’s exactly what Nona’s gonna do, too.
Man, *what* is you problem, Clarissa? Just what did we-- what do *I* do to make you act like I ate the last piece of chocolate cake on your flippin’ birthday.
Nothing, Alex. You did absolutely nothing.
Oh my *God*, you are annoying.
This isn’t me being annoying, this is me being *tired*, there’s a difference.
Fine. Whatever, be Miss Pouty on the beach all night if you want, I’m not gonna let you ruin this for me.
I appreciate your permission to be pouty, thank you.
If you guys in your scavenger hunts or playing ring around the rosey happen to find anything more interesting than a slowly dying starfish… you be sure to just let me know.
Super.
If we find anything more interesting than that, I think we’ll be too involved in our own fun to come get you.
Well wouldn’t you know it, that’s just fine by me.
Yeah, we’ll grab ya if we find any uh…
Island bigfoots.
Island bigfoots, exactly.
Whatever.
Well, *I* wanna inaugurate this bitch by checking out the caves… Nona, wanna come?
Uh… I mean I would, but--
I’m very clingy, Ren.
Fine. Jonas, you’re a strapping young lad, help boost me over the fence. The cave’s just, uh, yonder.
And I guess you expect me to just jump over after.
Well like I said you’re a strapping young lad.
Okay, c'mon.
Alex, you wanna... check out the caves, or...
Uh, in a sec, okay?
Yeah, just let me know.
Yeah, let’s do it. Boost me up?
Yeah, c'mon.
Well, if you wanna, just let me know and we’ll hop over.
For, uh, posterity.
Where are you from again?
It’s a small town near North Valley.
Oh yeah? Is it nice?
If you like bars on the windows.
That counts!
[laughs]
Cheese.
Oh yeahhh. I haven’t played this in ages… I think. But it’s fun, let’s do it.
Um, what do you think of Jonas? The tall, athletic type do anything for ya?
What!
What?
We just met!
Nona doesn’t like *anyone*. She has a collection of *sugar packets*, okay, she’s not the “liking someone” *type*.
DId you, um, have any, like… plans with Michael, or…
Oof, uh...
“Plans?” Like what.
Cause I have no idea what you’re talking about right now.
Did you wanna-- like, did you have some scheme to like run away with him or something? I just wanna--
Okay, I’m sure he told you, he told you *everything*, so... I don’t even-- ugh, just whatever, yeah, sure, and it couldn’t matter less now.
Haha, this is fun, right guys?
I, uh, I guess I’m thinking just like for the, uh, the future or something? Just like how serious were you--
I… I dunno, just… for anything?
Jesus, we had a *plan* to see some movie the weekend after he died, so... I hope that answers your inane question.
Alex, just where do you--
Okay, alright, there’s no question, so let’s just, uh, let’s keep the dance going, okay?
Jonas… I just-- look, I heard this thing somewhere I can’t even remember about you maybe beating up a guy this one time…?
Um… I mean… I don’t wanna lie…
Then don’t.
Okay…
Yeah, I did. But it’s not really an entertaining story and I’m not gonna get into it right now, so.
Fair enough!
Alex, where are you going?
Yeah, we just got started.
Oh, uh… I dunno.
Oh, just, you know… looking around?
Oh, just, you know… looking around?
Oh, sorry, I’m not leaving.
We’re not gonna play until you come back.
Hey, you can’t just walk away! It’s your turn!
No? Watch me!
I’m not leaving. And anyways I can still hear you.
Alex, c’mon. Come back.
Yeah, Alex, it’s not the same without you.
Alex, where do you think you’re going? You’re the one asking!
Yeah, we’re waiting until you get back.
Wait wait wait time out until Alex gets back.
Just-- will you just keep playing! I can listen from here!
No you can’t! Be social like the little butterfly that you are!
Gimme a hot minute, okay?
No. Get back here.
Oh, what? You’re just gonna walk away?
Hey, I’m not leaving. I’m just… wandering.
Well wander your ass back here.
For your own sake, you should be *happy* I’m walking away.
We're stopping until you come back here.
Alex! We can’t keep going unless you’re with us.
Alex, seriously, again? Let’s just play without her.
No! Alex, come back!
Alex, will you stop just galloping off! We have a game to play, self-esteem to crush!
Stop leaving, Alex!
Ow!
[laughs]
[laughs]
Geez, I didn't think you had it in you.
Yeah, she’s *full* of surprises! Backstabbing surprises!
Oooh!
Yikes.
A little hard, don’t you think.
Ow! Christ!
It’s called Truth or Slap, not Truth or Lightly Caress Someone’s Face.
Yeah, we know, but still, man.
Okay now, *really*?! You practically dislodged a tooth.
[Laughs] Ow.
See? We’re slap sisters now. All in good fun.
Yeah, uh, good fun.
C'mon, Alex... It's time for your medicine.
Slapping medicine.
It's good for what ails ya.
Alex. Here. Now.
Okay, alright, she doesn't have to get *slapped*, it wasn't even a lie, we can just keep going.
Coward.
I'm not a *coward*, I just don't want to get hit for doing nothing wrong.
Whatever you say.
I didn't even *lie*, Clarissa, it wouldn't be right. That's not the rules.
And sometimes we play Truth or Slap.
Yeah! Let’s play that!
We can inaugurate Jonas.
Ease him into the night’s festivities.
Truth or “Slap“? What’s that?
We used to call it Hippo until we got tired of people asking, “Why’s it called Hippo?”
Because you get to yell, “You’re a dirty hippo,” before you slap someone.
Isn’t it, uh, Truth or Dare?
This is better than Truth or Dare because nobody ends up licking somebody’s butthole. \r\n
You get asked a question, you have to tell the truth, but if somebody can prove that you lied the accuser gets to slap you.
It’s a good, uh, getting to know somebody game.
Unless you lie a lot.
Then it’s just a good hitting game.
Yeah, fun. Any excuse to hit Ren. \r
Hey, I’m the truthiest truth who ever truthed a--
Alright, let’s just get on with it!
How can you prove that somebody lied?
Hearsay, rumor, conjecture… the usual.
Uh, alright, I’m in. Let’s do it.
I haven’t played this since I was like… ten. Can’t we do something else?
C’mon, it’s a good way to start out the night. One round?
It’ll help everybody relax.
It’ll help everybody relax.
The booze will do that, too.
Fine, let’s all smack the taste out of our mouths, I guess.
Hurray!
Maybe I’ll just be an innocent bystander...
Well… I guess if you really want...
Yeah, let’s do it, how do we, uh, kick it off?
Okay, so--
I’ll start!
Ren!
Uh huh....
C’mon, fess up. You wanna go out with Nona, right?
Clarissa!
Wait wait wait, I wanna hear his answer.
Uhhhh....
Clarissa, c’mon, you’re supposed to ask like, “Have you ever stole something…” not super weirdo probing stuff.
You ask probing stuff if you play the game *right*, Alex.
Oooh man, you’re good at this.
If being *good* means being kinda mean about it…
It’s just, I mean… go *out* could mean so many different things…
Okay, that’s-- Clarissa, you know what, ask me something instead, anything you want.
Oh, really? I thought you were just watching.
You can’t just jump in and out as your heart sees fit, dear.
It's okay, Alex.
Well look, I changed my mind, okay! I wanna play.
And you’ll get your turn *after* Reginald answers the question!
Oh yeah… I, uh, forgot I said that.
You’ll get your turn *after* Reginald answers the question.
Look, it's tough to gauge, uh, something like--
Enough stalling! I know you wanna sample the goods, now just say so.
No, I mean, I-- I like her as a friend, right? That’s-- I just like her as a friend.
That’s all, she’s cool, she’s-- she’s just a friend.
Oh yeah right!
Okay, thank you, Clarissa, this was very enjoyable.
Oh stop.
Alright, great, let’s just move on.
Let’s ease off the throttle for the next one, okay, Clarissa?
Yeah.
What? This game isn’t any fun if you don’t get a stomach ache.
We all know he’s lying, we just can’t prove it.
I’m not lying!
Whatever, man.
Liar! Liar! He’s lying! He totally likes her!
What?! Alex, c’mon, what are you doing?!
I knew it! You can practically smell it on him.
Can we just drop this please?
I’m kidding, relax. Last I heard, he’s still pining for Lindsey, his secret Canadian girlfriend.
Yeah… well.. I have a thing for hockey, so…
Sure.
He-- *you* told me you liked her! Why’d you even *try* to cover, you *knew* I knew, I’m standing right here.
Because you said you weren’t even playing!
And then she changed her mind!
Oh, c'mon!
She can jump in, it’s only the first round.
Because I asked you to be cool about it and now you’re being, like, whatever the complete opposite of cool is! Hot! But in a bad way!
Alright, Alex, you get first blood. Slap him like he stole something.
I can’t believe this is happening.
This really doesn’t--
Hush. This is for your honor. Watch and relish.
If you’re gonna do it, just do it.
Any day…
Alex?
Eh. You’ve suffered enough.
Oh, *thanks*.
And it’s not even my birthday!
Yeah, everything’s coming up Alex, isn’t it!
Alright, that’s it, you can’t leave me in suspense. There’s like a statute of limitations here and time ran out.
Aw, she took pity on you. Like a deformed frog.
Well that’s perfect because that’s what I feel like right now.
Okay, it’s Ren’s turn, right? He gets to ask somebody something?
I wonder who I’m gonna ask… oh, I know! Alex!
Alex, Alex, Alex.
Oh great, here we go.
“What’s your favorite stuffed animal?”
“Professor Snodgrass the Platypus Man.”
I’ll ask a *real* question, okay?
Uh oh.
[laughs]
I just have to think about which nerve I want to so delicately pinch.
Oh please. Shoot. I can take it.
Okay, uh, just... take it easy, alright? Tis all in good fun?
Hey, no partnering up to be pansies.
Silence!
Oh, I’ll take it *easy*. *Very* easy.
For some reason, I don’t think he’s gonna take it easy.
Ren, really, I’m not playing, I just wanna watch.
Oh c’mon, you’re pretty much standing in the prayer circle. I’ll ease you in with a softball.
Ren, I don’t really feel like playing, if that’s alright.
I’m not, uh, playing.... remember?
I, uh, don’t wanna play?
Hahah no no no. You can’t pull that card anymore, sorry. Not after that crap.
Marry, Screw, Kill… me, Nona and Clarissa!
What?!
Why!
It's fun, it's funny, I dunno!
And Jonas is family now technically, so he’s excluded!
Why thank you.
Well, I’d marry Nona… I like the quiet types.
I’m flattered. I think.
Well… I think I’d marry you, actually. We know each other the best, so… not a lot of surprises there.
Perfect! Stay-at-home husband!
I’d probably marry Clarissa.
[laughs]
[laughs]
Okay. Lie. Right there. I mean, *why* in God’s name would you marry me, of all people.
What, you’re a catch!
Redheads are, like, the rarest breed.
She’s not a horse.
Yeah, but still.
Eh, just to make you mad. *And* to get half of your stuff in the divorce.
Ugh, whatever, who cares.
How could I pass up the opportunity to hear this biting *wit* every day.
You can dust the top of my trophy case when I don’t want to drag out the step stool.
Okay, going on down the line.
Who'd you do the dirty with.
I’d do Ren. We know each other the best, so… it’d be… like, less weird? And you’re in a band.
Yeah! I knew those bass lessons would come in handy!
Clarissa, obviously.
“Obviously!” You’re not gonna call her on that?
No, I believe her. I mean, look at me.
Nona. She seems like she’d be *present* and *giving* unlike some people here.
Hey, I’m present! I wouldn’t lose my place or nothing, scout’s honor.
Ugh, God, this is such a horrible turn.
Earth to Alex. Mission Control, you read me?
Hey, honey, if you don’t answer, that’s a forfeit, and a forfeit’s the same as a lie, and if it’s the same as a lie, the *penalty’s* the same.
Fine, whatever, I forfeit. You wanna smack me, be my guest.
This is dumb, okay? It's dumb, c'mon.
Okay, clearly you’re not gonna answer, so.
She’s uncomfortable, it’s fine, it was a stupid question, anyway, we don’t have to, ya know, incur the wrath of whatever.
And wait… wait, that means you’d kill me!
Out of everyone here!
Your best friend!
Oh yeah… sorry. It just worked out that way, I swear!
And I’m the only guy! This is misandry! Misandry, I say!
Okay, settle down.
Hey, you wanted to know!
Which of course means that you’d strangle Clarissa in her sleep if you ever got the chance.
What a shocker.
[laughs]
Yes, I mean, why would you have any control over the words and thoughts coming out of your face.
Hey now, you can’t control a sneeze. And I think this falls more in the realm of bodily function.
Eh, she got what was coming to her.
Yeah, I mean, you did shove her into the community pool in sixth grade.
I did, didn’t I. I was a hilarious kid.
Which means, of course, that you’d smother poor Nona with a pillow.
Really? Nona?
Just heartless.
What'd she ever do to you!
It’s alright. I’d probably kill me, too.
Yeah, she did wear white after Labor Day that one time.
If God came down from Heaven and said, “Kill Jonas and I’ll send back Michael,” you’d do it, right?
Wow!
Jesus, guy, can’t you wait till I’m taking a piss or something?
I mean, is this-- is the game always like this?
First of all, that’s a crazy ass question and we’re gonna have a long discussion about it later, but… second of all, no, of course not.
Of course you would! I would!
Well I can’t say I’m surprised by that, at least.
Well… I mean… yeah, but it’s not like-- I have nothing against you, but, I mean…
[laughs]
You don’t have to explain. You loved your brother, you just met me, it’s a frickin’ game, you’re not really gonna kill me, it’s fine.
Ren, are you outside of your head, right now? Think about what you’re asking me.
It’s a good question.
You know what, nevermind, this is… that was stupid. Expunge it from the record!
Relax, e’re all fine with it.
Just… I’m an idiot, forget it, it’s done.
No, it’s okay. But we’re even now.
Okay. Well... thank you.
Yeah, oh, you think it was stupid! When Easter rolls around find another egg painting buddy.
I deserve that, I know, just… let’s just shake it off, shake it off, move it along, let’s keep it moving.
Okay, well march over here like a good girl so I can.
Hey, if you wanna think the game’s dumb, that’s fine. But you’re still getting punished.
So march over here and take it like a big girl.
So... Alex's turn?
Yep, lady’s choice. Alex gets to pick who to ask something of.
Except me, cause I just went.
If she’ll ever pick somebody…
Okay, she’s officially relinquished her picking rights by being an idiot and not saying anything.
Well, uh...
Um, Nona!
Yes?
Alright, let’s uh… make it something, uh… fun and easy now.
Or, you know, actually fun.
Ever, uh, pee in a swimming pool?
Ugh, no!
Super question, you’re like an investigative journalist or something.
Is it that hard to come up with a question to ask me?
Oh my God, if you can’t even speak, your turn gets skipped.
Do you like Ren?
Oh Jesus, can we just stop with the whole me and Nona thing, please?
Of course she doesn’t!
She barely likes anybody, she’s like an amoeba!
One day she’ll reproduce in a cloud of spores!
Thanks.
I’d like to hear this from her, thank you.
No? Not even a little bit?
You don’t have to answer.
I like Ren like a friend, like-- it’s-- there’s-- he’s a nice guy, you’re a nice guy and we goof off and-- you know?
Tada! All is right with the world.
Oh shut up.
Does Clarissa ever do anything that just, like, really annoys the crap out of you, or…
[giggles]
Think carefully now.
Um… you sometimes tap your nails on things when you’re, uh, bored.
[cackling]
Relax, we’re all fine with it.
It’s more than-- it’s like a lot, you do it a lot.
That’s it!? C’mon, didn’t she like get to second base with your cousin or something?
Hey!
He kissed me on the cheek when he was six on the swings.
Ha! I knew there had to be something.
Okay, alright, huzzah, you got me, let’s just get on with it.
[laughs]
No, I know exactly what she’s talking about. It’s a tic.
Clarissa.
Oh boy.
Yes, mum?
This is pretty fun just watching, I’ll admit.
Well. Wait.
Do you like anyone? Like like like anyone?
He kissed me on the cheek when he was six on the swings.
C’mon!
Ouch.
So no, I don’t. But nice try.
That Santa Claus really is coming to town.
What's your worst fear?
Seriously.
Dying with too many regrets, probably, I don’t know.
Seems reasonable.
I guess...
It's all I can think of on short notice.
Really? Dying with too many regrets is your *worst* fear? Not being trapped in a locker with scorpions or something?
No, because I’m not *five*.
I kind of get that, actually.
Yeah, we’re practically sisters, I can feel it.
If someone were to ask you to describe me… what would you say?
Wow! Really swinging for the fences here...\r\n
I’d say... I’d tell them you were an average girl with common thoughts.
Geez, why don’t you say what you really think.
Actually to be honest I expected a lot worse, so…
I’m in a good mood.
Well... I think you're wrong, so.
I haven’t seen much evidence to the contrary, *so*...
Okay, okay, let’s keep it moving.
That’s, like, the meanest thing you can say to someone. *Average*? I’d rather be hated!
No, you think that now, but then you get like an arch-enemy and it becomes a whole thing.
It’s not mean. I could’ve been mean. That wasn’t.
Well, I don’t know what I was expecting, so… okay.
Uh, Jonas.
Yeah huh.
Tell the truth. How do you really feel about your dad marrying my mom and the fact that we’re now defacto organ donors.
Well, unless you turn out to be crazier than you look…
That’d be hard.
...I think it’s… fine.
Only known her one night and is already fine with it. Whatta guy.
I asked you this already and you kind of fluffed me off…
Have I ever been to jail.
I heard a little rumor… somewhere… that you’d maybe… possibly… been to jail?
No, I’ve never been to jail.
Really?
Nope. Not yet. Knock on wood.
Awww. It was more fun thinking you ran blood diamonds or something.
Sorry to disappoint.
Realllyy? Never, never? Never ever, ever?
No, not even ever, ever.
Well, that’s good to know you won’t… fashion my toothbrush into a shiv.
I *guess*.
What do you honestly think about moving here?
Uhhh, I… like it, honestly. People seem nice? Um, it’s… I mean, Camena’s a crapload better than Westedge.
Is that where you’re from?
Yeah. It’s... less than great.
Thanks. I like it enough.
Sometimes.
Eh, this town’s not so hot. Little things will start to annoy you like anywhere.
Like the lights on third street.
Why do they take so long! Why?!
What didn’t you like about your hometown?
Everybody’s a farmer or a banker. And nobody did well in anything anyway so it didn’t even matter.
Just like here except for the farming and the banking. And I guess the third one, too.
Nona. You’re up.
Oh! Uh, Clarissa… if you had to get a tattoo, what would it be?
Huh.
A chick riding a motorcycle on fire.
She didn’t ask you.
A dolphin, right? Or a butterfly with like a Native American poem written above it.
A better question would be, “What would she get when the artist refused to draw two dogs eating a dead baby on her forehead?”
A small, black spot, so she could tell everyone it was just a mole.
I’d get like a little Ampersand… on my ring finger. I think I actually *am* gonna get that after I move out. So my parents can’t say no.
Neat.
Is it my question now, then?
Yep.
Okay. Clarissa, uh, last person you made out with.
Oh. Uh...
Maybe something else?
Or, yeah, maybe who’s the last person you, uh, hugged… instead?
What’s the matter. It’s an honest question.
Oh, great, this should be good.
Oh will you all *relax*. I’ve made out with people since… God.
Anyways, um, that would have to be Ryan Fischer, two weeks ago in Iggy’s den.
I knew it!
Yeah, well. He was there and I was tired.
Clarissa’s turn now, then.
Alex… you got a new brother. Pretty exciting.
I’m sure Jonas is excited, or maybe... “excited” isn’t the right word. Maybe a little overwhelmed with just everything, you know? Unsure…
It’s a lot to take in and adjust to.
I’m, uh, fine with it, really.
Well, as fine as you can be, anyway, right?
He, uh, seems okay? Right? You're okay.
Yeah, but, uh, thanks, I guess.
What’s your point, Clarissa?
Is there, like, a question coming or…?
I’m just saying what Jonas is already thinking, that statistics show if you get divorced once, you’re *probably* gonna get divorced again.
And the fact is your mom divorced your dad, so…
Let’s put his mind at ease and hear why.
I don’t… I don’t really *need* to know the situation before. It's none of my business.
*What* are you talking about? What is this even… what does this have to do with anything?
Why’d your parents get a divorce.
That’s my question. Just so Jonas can hear it from you.
Clarissa. Jonas is *fine*. He’s not a scared puppy, none of that matters.
Well, let’s hear *why* your parents got a divorce in the first place and we’ll see if it matters.
Okay, just… get to whatever point this is getting to.
The point is… why’d your parents get a divorce?
It *is* your business. You’re family now, so… let’s hear it out. Why’d your parents get a divorce, Alex?
Clarissa, I don’t really *care* why they got a divorce, just that Alex’s mom is happy *now*.
But how can we be *sure* unless you know why.
You know why. Michael died and it broke everything and they couldn’t handle it, the end.
Well, now you know, Jonas. Don’t die and everything will be fine.
Okay, Clarissa--
What.
You know, guys, honestly, I think I’m ready to just do pretty much anything else but this game.
They had… it was just issues, like any other marriage, and they just couldn’t get past theirs.
That’s complete crap. I know you know why, *specifically* why, just come out with it.
This isn’t fair. Like, at all.
I went *super easy* on you when it was my turn.
And this is an “easy” one, too! Why’d your parents get divorced! I know you know why!
Of course it’s “fair!” Why’d your parents get divorced! I know you know why!
Silence counts as a lie, Alex.
My brother Michael died and it broke everything and they couldn’t handle it, the end.
I quit, okay. I’m not playing anymore, I don’t care about “winning” if this is what this is.
Go to Hell. That’s my answer. Happy?
Yeah, I won the turn, of course I’m happy.
Alright, you know what? Let’s just stop the game, okay? I think everyone’s ready to do something else.
Wait, let’s-- let’s not stop it like this, we should, like--
Game’s over, Ren. I won. And to celebrate I’m gonna sit on the beach and drink and maybe if I’m feeling spicy even take a nap.
Maybe we could--
And that’s exactly what Nona’s gonna do, too.
Man, *what* is you problem, Clarissa? Just what did we-- what do *I* do to make you act like I ate the last piece of chocolate cake on your flippin’ birthday.
Nothing, Alex. You did absolutely nothing.
Oh my *God*, you are annoying.
This isn’t me being annoying, this is me being *tired*, there’s a difference.
Fine. Whatever, be Miss Pouty on the beach all night if you want, I’m not gonna let you ruin this for me.
I appreciate your permission to be pouty, thank you.
If you guys in your scavenger hunts or playing ring around the rosey happen to find anything more interesting than a slowly dying starfish… you be sure to just let me know.
Super.
If we find anything more interesting than that, I think we’ll be too involved in our own fun to come get you.
Well wouldn’t you know it, that’s just fine by me.
Yeah, we’ll grab ya if we find any uh…
Island bigfoots.
Island bigfoots, exactly.
Whatever.
Well, *I* wanna inaugurate this bitch by checking out the caves… Nona, wanna come?
Uh… I mean I would, but--
I’m very clingy, Ren.
Fine. Jonas, you’re a strapping young lad, help boost me over the fence. The cave’s just, uh, yonder.
And I guess you expect me to just jump over after.
Well like I said you’re a strapping young lad.
Okay, c'mon.
Alex, you wanna... check 'em out, or...
Uh, in a sec, okay?
Yeah, just let me know.
Yeah, let’s do it. Boost me up?
Yeah, c'mon.
Well, if you wanna, just let me know and we’ll hop over.
For, uh, posterity.
Where are you from again?
It’s a small town near North Valley.
Oh yeah? Is it nice?
If you like bars on the windows.
That counts!
[reading] “But soon I shall be so I cannot remember any but the things that never happened.”
Yeah, I-- I don’t know.
Hey, look who’s finally awake.
Hey.
“Finally,” it’s not like you’ve been up for much longer.
Maybe… don’t get up immediately.
Michael? How are-- what-- what’s happening?
*Well*, it’s a combination of things, I guess.
Michael carried you here from the cave.
Cause you were, you know, comatose.
Wait, this is still… this is still the past? But… Jonas is here...
Jonas *is* here. There he is. Say, “Hi,” Jonas.
Hi, Jonas.
It’s okay, she means-- It’s not the 40’s, anymore. We’re back, all of us. We’re going home.
We’re not in the 40’s anymore… if that’s what you’re asking.
Yeah, the tuning we did in the cave? It worked.
Did we, uh, win?
*Oh* yeah. Big time. Wire to wire finish.
I don’t know about “wire to wire,” but--
He doesn’t know about sports, honey.
I know, I just-- *Anyways*, yes, we “won.”
Oh, whatever, rack to rack, whatever you wanna call it.
*Anyways*, yes, we “won.”
The tuning we did in the cave? It worked.
Yeah, if you’re anything like me, you have a monster post-Ghost hangover.
God, you have that, too?
Alex, do you remember what happened?
It’s alright, we’ll do a catch up.
Alex, do you remember what happened?
*We*?
Well, Mikey did. He said you were heavier than you looked.
Don’t worry, you looked fine. *Luminous.*
*Michael* carried you here.
She doesn’t-- It’s okay, you don’t care, what’s happening is that the tuning thing we did in the cave… it worked.
Or at least they've... they've stopped trying to eat our souls.
Yeah, it’s important to note that.
The ghosts are gone, we’re goin’ home.
Yeah.
Alex, are you feeling alright?
I mean… that’s a stupid question.
Are you feeling… okay?
I mean, we all feel pretty bad, but...
You don’t remember Michael coming with us?
We’re… we’re gonna be okay?
Like, all that really happened and it wasn’t a dream and we’re gonna be okay, for realsies.
Yes, all that really happened--
It wasn’t a dream.
--and I think we’re all gonna be okay… thanks, as always, to the brother-sister duo, Alex and Michael.
We’re gonna be okay.
Okay, I really should *not* have to point this out, but… Michael is *dead*, everybody.
He’s *been* dead, for like a year... why aren’t you all freaking out about this?
I was dead?
You were dead.
Apparently!
“What’s happening,” well, we carried you here--
He was dead?
I was like the *one* person we never saw die, I’ve been tickin’ all night.
So anyways, mission accomplished.
Well, not-- I mean, the *mission* was to just, like, have a little party…
The more important *new* mission of getting *away* from the death party...
And the thanks for that go, as always, to the brother-sister duo of Alex and Michael for saving everyone.
Oh, what!
Boooo.
I’m just saying!
We, like, totally helped sometimes.
*Yeah*, Jonas and I, like, *hid* really well!
Oh, c’mon!
Like… are you talking about the possessed stuff?
Well, I mean I guess, yeah, we were--
We were *all* kinda “dead,” if that’s what you mean.
I cannot believe what I’m hearing, Michael *drowned*, *very* tragically, last year.
I mean, Clarissa, come on, of all people… verify, here.
Uh, I think… I’m sorry, Alex, but I think you’re just confused by… what are we calling them, “time loops?”
Time loops.
“Verify” *what*. I don’t know what the Hell you’re talking about.
Yeah, I mean, you saw lots of… bad stuff.
Yeah… don’t you remember? It’s been you and me all night.
Wait, you’re saying you’ve been here all night. Like, you took the boat with us--
Uh huh.
--you were gonna camp out…
I took the boat, *we* went into the cave, *we*-- I mean, come on, kiddo, it’s been you and me all night.
Am I-- am I just totally off my rocker nuts.
No, no, you’re just, uh, you’re just a little confused.
Addled if you will.
Ummmmm, I don’t… know--
No, you’re just confused, still.
You’re fine, she’s fine, it’s just been… a stressful night, to say the least, but… we all, you know, survived.
Thanks, as always, to the brother-sister duo of Alex and Michael.
But nobody *died* died, like permanent dead. Thankfully.
We did the “Call” to--to open the, uh, Bomb Shelter…
You don’t remember this?
That was *Jonas* and I! Jonas and I slogged through the forest to get Ren, *Jonas* and I went--
Alex, I was *with* Ren when you and Mike picked us up.
Yeah, I mean… Jonas has been with me the whole time.
Which, you know… terrible way to show you what we do here for fun, by the way.
Is this, like… is this a trick? Are the ghosts still playing some weird archaic game called Brother Switcheroo or something?
No, no, I think, uh, I think the games are over.
Yeah, speaking of that. Jonas, buddy… this has *not* been the plan for the evening, really, this was… terrible.
She remembers, she’ll remember.
Once we get some pancakes in her, she’ll remember.
Yeah, it’s not like I’ll be able to *forget*... as much as I’d like to.
Did I… like accidentally change the, uh, the-- the past… here?
I dunno. Did you?
I don’t really-- I don’t really *feel* like anything’s changed.
Do you feel like anything’s changed?
I don’t know… Maybe….? I... don’t know what to, like, *clench* to feel if I did or not...
Well, *anyways*, before I forget, my heartfelt apologies to Jonas, buddy, this was *not* what I meant when I said this’d be a good time.
If I did… It was worth it seeing you again, Jesus, I mean… this is insane.
You know what? I think I’m too tired to care. Whatever works, right?
Whatever works, exactly.
Yeah, I’m not sure we’d be able to tell the difference, right?
Right?
Nothing changed. Okay?
Yeah, I, uh… I don’t think so.
Sorry about that, I mean, I invite the poor guy, he just moves here with his Dad, and…
Yeah, we know, he picked you up in gym class so you could dunk the ball.
*Stop* telling people that’s how we met, it’s not--
It’s not pertinent.
Guys, no, Jonas-- *I* brought Jonas, he’s my new *step-brother*, his Dad is marrying-- he’s marrying our Mom!
What!
Oh boy.
*What* are you talking about?
Jonas, c’mon, it’s you and me now, pal.
We had, like, a *year’s* worth of memories in one eight hour span, you *know* me.
I’m… sorry, I… but I *don’t* know you, not-- not really.
And it’s not like I don’t *want* to know you, you know, we can, like, hang out or something when we get back?
Alex, *maybe* you should lie down again…
Yeah, this isn’t… good.
Alex, *I* brought Jonas. Really.
Like, during the year, you know...
I’m... sorry.
I can’t believe this.
It’s okay, c’mon, it’s alright-- we’ll all get back into the swing of things, start feeling our freshest again soon enough, I’m sure.
Yeah, let’s, uh, we’ll-- we’ll hang out.
Yeah, it’s, uh, it’s been a crazy night.
Yeah, you’ll, uh, ripen in no time.
Just… forget it. I, uh, I guess it doesn’t matter now.
Wait, *Ren*, you-- *you* brought Jonas? He’s *your* friend?
Yeah, I-- man, you have really been affected by all this, I invited him cause he’s new in town and-- and whatever.
Yeah, and he turned out to be a cool guy, so what’s the problem?
Thanks.
I mean, Alex, you’re acting like-- I don’t even know.
She’s just a little… frazzled.
Yeah.
It’s no big deal, I think she’s just still tired.
Yeah, he’s a-- He’s more than a *cool* guy, he’s-- he was like...
He was like what?
No, he’s uh… yeah, he’s cool.
I’m overwhelmed.
Yeah, he’s a “cool guy,” that’s not the point!
I’m sorry, what-- what is the point?
He was like… like my step-brother!
Really?
*He’s* like your step-brother? I’ve known you an untold sum amount of days and after thirty minutes crossing paths with this guy--
No, no, I get it, I mean it’s like after a long plane ride you bond with your seatmate.
He was like-- he was like my *partner* through everything, we-- we helped each other out!
You *barely* interacted with this guy! He was with me the whole time!
I don’t even know, but… just don’t say he’s like a “cool guy,” like he’s-- it’s more than that.
Okay…
You made some impression in your, what, half an hour of screaming in the tower.
Apparently. But, you know... I’m flattered.
Good analogy.
Sure.
Yeah, what do you mean?
Yeah, what’s going on?
Yeah, what’s, uh, what’s going on?
The “point” is he *forgot* everything, it’s like everything we talked about, everything we went through, *us*, *together* got just wiped out.
Well I mean we *all* went through something.
Yeah, it’s alright, none of us *forgot* anything, we’re still all together, we’re still okay.
Just… just forget it, it doesn’t… matter now.
He said you were heavier than you looked.
Uh, no, seriously, it was-- it’s somehow worked out, we’ve all, uh, survived, so…
Just never invite me to anything ever again.
Done and done!
Wait wait, is… is Clarissa-- is she okay? I think I might have…
Yeah, I got a massive hangover type headache right now.
Clarissa? Who’s that?
You’re looking at who came. This is the group.
Your-- your ex-girlfriend, you dumped her, like-- I don’t know how long it was, like a year and a half ago or something, but she--
Kristin was my last girlfriend, Alex. I don’t know what you’re talking about, I’ve never known anyone named Clarissa.
She’s-- Michael, she’s your *girlfriend!* You were just asking me if you should run away with her for God’s sake, how can you--
“Run away with,”-- look, Alex, I’ve never even *met* anyone with the name, Clarissa.
She’s Nona’s best friend, she-- she came here with us! How can you not remember this!
Alex… no “Clarissa,” came with us. I don’t even-- I don’t know anyone named Clarissa.
Yeah, I don’t either.
Oh my God, it happened. It actually happened, they… took her.
What are you talking about, what is she talking about?
She’s having like a bad reaction, I think.
The ghosts are gone, we're goin' home.
But… okay, good to know, great, hurray, but… *how* exactly is Michael here right now?
What do you mean?
Yeah, I’ve been here all night.
Oh shut up.
Yeah, sweetie, nobody died. Thankfully, I mean, we cut it sorta close…
She’ll remember. Eventually.
What are you even *talking* about right now?
He was-- he was my *step-brother*, *that’s* the point, and-- and now it’s like nothing ever happened, none of it *stuck*.
No, it-- it mattered, it’s--
Hey, is this your book?
Oh man this is-- we’re gonna be the best couple ever.
Okay, slow down.
Is this-- Ren, didn’t you lose a book?
Holy *crap*, this is it! *Thank* you!
I lost it on the way, I thought for sure some commuter would’ve just tossed it overboard or…
It’s kinda hard to care about… that stuff. Now. Or… after, I mean.
Yeah, kind of.
Hey, that reminds me, what were we-- we were talking about something stupid right before Alex woke up...
Prom.
So this is like… this is the new normal, this is what… we are, what everything is.
I don’t know if it needs a grand summation...
Okay, I’m glad all of you can just jump right back into whatever, but… I’m still a little… discombobulated.
It’s pretty simple, actually.
A buncha ghosts wanted our bodies and you and Mike ran around all night and now blah blah blah I still have to worry about Prom.
[laughing a little]
And yet somehow I can sense one coming...
But if you wanna, uh, *gesticulate*, I dunno… I don’t know if anything changed.
Except maybe how I look at the ocean.
Well I for one certainly didn’t learn anything.
Of course not.
Well actually that’s not true.
Nevermind.
Why that.
Uh, the waves. They used to mean, like… I’d look at them and think,“forever.”
But I don’t know if I believe in forever, anymore.
Hey, we were talking about something when Alex woke up…
No. We changed. Even if you don’t see it. And even if it’s just by a day.
Maybe.
Michael, are you joking? You “don’t think anything’s really changed,” we just-- we were chased all night by soul thieving *ghosts*.
Well, *yeah*, I mean, when you put an exclamation point after it--
[laughs a little]
Prom.
Prom.
Prom.
Prom.
Yeah, Clarissa, what color’s your dress gonna be so I know what corsage to get.
Purple, probably. *Royal* purple.
You guys have fun with that.
Are you going, Alex?
Wait, are people who already graduated allowed to take high schoolers?
*Yes*.
Yeah, don’t you remember Bobby bringing that twenty eight year old last year?
Are we supposed to still spike the punch or just bring in flasks?
Do they even *have* punch?
I spent Homecoming eating bottomless fries at that fast food emporium, and I’m gonna stick with that plan for this, I think.
Uh, maybe? I dunno. If the urge strikes to cut a rug in front of that one janitor who *leers* all the time...
Uh, I guess? I mean, if I find a date, you know. I’m not gonna go stag, I have my dignity.
Ben Owens will ask you. Or rather, he’s *going* to ask you unless I physically prevent him.
Eh, you can do better.
Oh *man*, I *do* remember Bobby and that crazy chick.
She was… something.
Yeah, something.
They have punch. And Mrs. Caitlyn will spike it if you give it an hour.
C’mon, come with me and Nona, we’ll go dress shopping.
[clears his throat]
*Oh*, uh, Alex? You wanna go dress shopping with me and Nona?
It’ll be fun, it’ll be like a movie montage except none of us are prostitutes and there’s no rich guy.
Yeah.
Oh, uh, no thanks, really, I don’t-- I don’t even know if I’m going, so… wouldn’t wanna slow you down.
Well, just… let me know. I mean... I’d like you to come… if you can.
You don’t *have* to take me, it’s fine, Michael’s just trying to… *Michael* us together.
I know he is, dear.
And see, Mikey? I tried, so.
Yeah, I saw, you *tried* in the very technical sense.
Oh, uh…. sure? I mean… only if you want to.
Of course I want to, I’m asking you, too.
We’ll go to Reggie’s. If you can find a stained one, you get fifty percent off.
Uh, sounds great. Yeah, I mean… I guess I should, uh, spiffy up once in my life.
Or… not.
Oh, uh, no thanks, really, I don’t-- I don’t even know if I’m going, so… wouldn’t wanna slow you down.
Well, just… let me know. I mean... I’d like you to come… if you can.
You don’t *have* to take me, it’s fine, Michael’s just trying to… *Michael* us together.
I know he is, dear.
And see, Mikey? I tried, so.
Yeah, I saw, you *tried* in the very technical sense.
Oh, uh…. sure? I mean… only if you want to.
Of course I want to, I’m asking you, too.
We’ll go to Reggie’s. If you can find a stained one, you get fifty percent off.
Uh, sounds great. Yeah, I mean… I guess I should, uh, spiffy up once in my life.
Or… not.
“Spiffy up,” my Lord. The way this girl talks… and she gets it from you.
I know she gets it from me and I like it. The rest of you are the *wrong ones*.
Cool.
Well, just… let me know. I mean... I’d like you to come… if you can.
And see, Mikey? I tried, so.
I know, you tried, just… not very hard.
Alright, you know what. It’s picture time.
[grumbling]
Ugh.
Oh my God, c’mon, Nona.
Oh “c’mon”, *what*! We *earned* this one!
Yeah, vaminose, let’s move it.
No grumbling, no whining.
No! No more pictures! I’m sure we all look like we've been through a thresher!
But we *survived* the thresher’s maw! We’re *alive*!
And we’re gonna soon start aging out of our best years *facially speaking* so we should probably take advantage.
Yeah, I guess we should. Tonight’s been… uh, noteworthy.
Noteworthy, that is… a way to say it.
Yeah, I’d probably say it another way.
Uh, you guys go ahead, or… or maybe I can take it *of* you.
No, I’m just gonna set it on the ledge thing, so you can’t escape.
Yeah, c’mon, we’ll all do it. Last one of the night, or… day, now.
You’ve kind of already started.
Let’s, um, let’s actually move outside so we can get the light.
Sure.
Ren, what is that book, anyway?
I don’t know, I can hardly make heads or tails out of what the hell he’s talking about half the time.
Here’s good for the-- yeah, just-- here.
Like, look, I’ll just pick a random ass page…
Come on, Alex, get in here.
I’m not gonna click it until you get in frame...
Come *on*, Alex…
We’re waiting.
Come on, two seconds.
I don’t think they’re bluffing, Alex.
The boat’s gonna *dock* before you come over here.
Okay, we can wait. And we *will*.
So that’s it? The island’s done, we’re just… moving on? Back to doing… like, reports?
Yeah, I mean, we didn’t *die*, so, yes, reports are still a natural law we have to abide by.
Yeah, I don’t know if anything really *changed*, per say.
I… guess not. I guess that’s a good thing. I say, “I guess,” too much.
Nona, are you joking? You “don’t think anything’s really changed,” we just-- we were chased all night by soul pilfering *ghosts*.
And yet I’m gonna have to still babysit Arnold next week for my-- parents’ anniversary, so it’s not like, ya know, whatever.
Whatever!
I did learn not to put so much, uh, *extra ingredients* into brownies.
A buncha ghosts wanted our bodies and you and Jonas ran around all night and now blah blah blah I still have to worry about Prom.
I am definitely skipping this one. I’m deferring the crown to that wheelchair girl.
They have punch. Nobody spikes it, though.
That fast food emporium off 219 is more appealing, so… don’t wanna break the three year streak of getting bottomless fries in the parking lot.
Alright, just don’t say phrases like that while we’re out and we’ll be solid.
Well, just… let me know. I mean... it would be fun. Maybe. Probably not.
We are alive, you can’t argue with that. C’mon, let’s do it.
I’m not pushing the clicker until you’re--
Yeah, we’re not taking it until you get in here.
I can’t believe everything that happened, I just--
No, are you kidding? We have-- well, we don’t have *evidence* of ghosts but we know there’s a continuation, a-- a sort of life after death.
This is like the moon landing times a billion.
Let’s make a pact, to-- to just keep it, like, *ours*. It’s only our thing, it happened to *us*, and... and nobody else has to be involved.
Yeah, but… no one’s gonna believe it, so…
Except *no one* will believe it.
Yeah.
This is gonna sound… maybe harsh, but… we can go our separate ways, it’s okay, we’re not tethered together now or something.
I don’t know. Like it or not we had a-- *have* a shared, uh, thing now. A shared *insane* thing that I don’t think will get *reset* once, like, graduation hits or something.
No, Alex. We don’t need a *pact*, we actually don’t need to ever talk to each other ever again.
Are you kidding? You almost *traded* me for--
We can just deal with it, like, *alone*, I think...
I think we’d sound nuts, honestly. I mean, it’s not like-- it’s not like we have any *proof* any of this actually, uh, happened.
Okay, look, everything worked out, she did the right thing… eventually...
I was totally desperate, Clarissa, I thought *all* of us were gonna *die*.
That still isn’t-- that doesn’t justify it, Alex.
Yeah, uh, sorry about that… really, I-- I don’t know what I was thinking.
You were thinking, “I hate Clarissa,” probably...
Oh, c’mon, be real, if they’d even *alluded* to the fact that you could get rid of me to make *sure* Nona was safe, you’d sign that deal before the ink was dry!
Hey, don’t pull me into this.
Whatever, we’ll remember what you did, Alex, that’s all that matters.
I feel like we should tell everyone we know...
...go on like a friggin' book tour, but...
Oh, seriously, who cares about Prom? Who *ever* cared about Prom, but, like, *especially* now.
Oh shush, you look fine. We *all* look fine, I say!
Alex, you have to be in it, if only to point out to future generations what a monster you are.
Yeah, this night didn’t exactly-- it’s not like we’re all gonna go join a dodgeball league together or something…
Well, I wouldn’t do that anyway--
I’m just-- you know what I mean.
Like… this, here.
“When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened or not.”
“But soon I shall be so I cannot remember any... but the things that never happened.”
Yeah, I-- I don’t know.
Okay, everyone….
Wait… what?
Cheese!
Wait, didn’t you--
Alright, shut up and--
Oh, look who finally woke up.
It’ll be a long time before we’re back here again.
A *long* time.
Oh… God, wait… no, we--[gets cut off]
Yeah, I-- I don’t know.
Hey, she’s waking up.
Hey.
Is she alright?
Maybe… don’t get up immediately.
Are we, uh, in ghost heaven?
I think that’s just called, “heaven,” sweetheart.
But no, we’re not.
No, we’re not in “ghost heaven.” We made it, we’re alive.
I mean, for the most part, my arm, like, fell asleep for some--
We’re alive.
The ferry should get here in like ten minutes.
We think. My watch kind of melted.
Yeah yeah yeah, okay, the-- the *important thing is that whatever you did in the cave? It worked.
Yeah yeah yeah, okay, the-- the *important* thing is that the tuning in the cave? It worked.
Ugh, ouch, is, uh… is everyone… doing alright? Still… um, yourselves?
Yeah, I think we’re all, uh, accounted for. Right?
Yeah. For the most part.
Yeah, my arm fell asleep, but--
Jonas carried you here.
Yeah, he said you were heavier than you looked.
Yeah yeah yeah, okay, the-- the *important thing is that whatever you did in the cave? It worked.
Yeah yeah yeah, okay, the-- the *important* thing is that the tuning in the cave? It worked.
Did we, uh, win?
*Oh* yeah. Big time. Wire to wire finish.
I think saying “wire to wire” is stretching it, you know, since--
I don’t know about sports, I don’t know what I’m saying!
Yeah, if you’re anything like me, you have a monster post-ghost hangover.
God, you have that, too?
Alex, do you remember what happened?
It’s alright, just, uh, first, the good news.
Alex, do you remember what happened?
The tear, the hole, it’s fixed. The ghosts are gone, we’re goin’ home.
Or at least they’ve-- they’ve stopped trying to eat our souls.
Yeah, it’s important to note that.
That’s… I’m glad, I’m sorry, I’m just… I was *back*, I fell back a few years, during the whole… *thing* and…
I just saw Michael again, that’s all, so… I’m just a little rattled right now.
We’re… we’re gonna be okay?
Like, all that really happened and it wasn’t a dream and we’re gonna be okay, for realsies.
Yeah, it all happened.
We-- We did it. Right? We actually did it, we’re still us?
You saw Mike?
What happened?
What do you mean? What did you-- what do you mean, you *saw* Michael?
What-- what was it like?
Well, wait.
Yeah, okay, relax, everybody, just… let her get a minute here.
What happened? What was happening?
Okay, just-- wait, let’s…
Clarissa.
Alex, are you okay?
We think, anyway.
And yeah, we’re gonna be okay.
We think.
Did anyone… I mean, the dream thing, did anyone… like have dreams or whatever about the past during the night?
It wasn’t a dream.
We think.
We think.
I dreamed… when I was… *under* them. Did anyone else.
We’re still us.
Did anyone… I’m sorry, but like did anyone have dreams or whatever about the past when they were, uh, *taken*... during the night?
Yeah. When I was… under them, I… dreamed about something years ago.
Did anyone else.
So… we’re gonna still be us. For a while.
Hey, when I was… under them, I… dreamed about something years ago.
I just… talked to him, he was there, in the… whatever was happening.
We talked about… his future. What he wanted to do.
It was… something.
I was, I think-- well I *know* I was, back, um-- it was like a week before he drowned, we came here, actually…
We hiked in the woods, just spent the day together, and, I dunno… I was just there again.
I thought… I dunno, I just thought I could… change things. Maybe…
I dunno, I don’t know what I thought.
Yeah, I-- I don’t think it-- whatever we were *doing*... really worked like that.
Alright, well, it’s fine, you don’t have to… whatever, relive what happened, all that’s over now, and we’re-- we’re gonna be fine.
Yeah, it’s okay.
Jonas, what happened to you in the shelter?
I was so-- I just saw you *disappear*, I didn’t-- I didn’t know what to think.
What happened?
I thought I heard my Mom, and… when Alex-- when *we* tried to tune into this signal, I was…
I don’t know what it looked like from your end, but… it was like I’d fallen into a memory with my Dad.
I don’t know.
I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have, uh, set us off course or whatever.
Were they… dreams? Or, at least, I mean do you think they were dreams?
They didn’t really feel like dreams, like… being “apart” from myself, if that makes sense or… like I’m walking in sand or whatever.
It felt… real.
I think… Jonas, I think that *was* your Dad. Like… it was real, you were… back then.
That’s… I mean… it felt real, so... I dunno. Maybe.
What happened? What was it like, what’d you, like, do?
It was before my Mom died, before she even got sick and, um… I dunno.
It was just kind of a… normal, Summer day, sitting in the living room, watching TV with him.
It was so strange, though.
No, I had those, too. Did anyone else?
When I was… under them, I… had something like that, too.
No, I… had something like that, too. Did anyone else?
I’m sorry, Alex.
Yeah, it’s…. I’m sure it was rough.
Yeah.
I guess it doesn’t matter. We’re still standing, that’s what matters right now, so.
Yeah, it kinda… stung… a little, to see him, and not be able to… I dunno, do anything about it, I guess, really.
It’s like I got this arrow in my side.
No, it was, uh… it was good to see him. It was good, he looked good. He looked, uh… himself.
I had my older sister.
I saw, uh, Michael. A few times. Back when we were here on a… kind of an accidental trip.
I guess, uh, Michael… if it was a dream, but… I dunno.
What was, uh, what was yours?
It was my Dad.
Huh. Alright.
Um, yeah.
Yeah, a few.
Just, uh, just the one… I think.
It was a night where… I don’t even remember why she was mad at me.
Probably something I said to our Mom.
But I don’t know why that… who-cares night would visit.
So Michael… visited you?
I wouldn’t put much thought into it Clarissa. Really.
Yeah, it doesn’t matter now.
He crawled out from whatever netherworld *swamp* he’s in.
And plucked into your head.
I-- I don’t think it’s like a visit, like it’s making a-- a conscious *choice* to come mess with you.
You were just… exhaled somewhere. Time-wise.
Yeah, I guess the universe doesn’t choose to do anything.
It’s totally random chance, Clarissa, we were getting *pushed out* into the *time-scape* or whatever you wanna call it.
It’s random.
Maybe it’s… I dunno, maybe it’s like what matters to us showed up or something?
The universe doesn’t care about what matters to us.
Then it doesn’t matter anyway.
No. I guess it doesn’t.
It just does.
You got Michael and I got *Stephanie*, so...
I don’t know know about that, honey.
Sometimes… I just think the universe carries a real love for the opera.
Nevermind.
Wait wait, is… is Clarissa-- is she okay? I think I might have…
Yeah, I got a massive hangover type headache right now.
Clarissa? Who’s Clarissa?
It was only you, me, Ren and Nona.
That’s it, just us.
Jonas, are you nuts, she-- she jumped out a window, she hated me, she dated Michael, she--
Alex, nobody named Clarissa came with us. This is the group, this has been it all night.
She’s Nona’s best friend, she-- she came here with us! How can you not remember this!
Oh my God, it happened. It actually happened, they… took her.
Maybe… you’re just… like, I think we all had, um, “visions,” or something… during the night, caused by the ghosts and time stuff.
I don’t think any of it was real, really. Was yours, like, about someone named Clarissa?
Maybe?
Cause she’s not-- nobody like that came with us.
Jonas, *Clarissa* was real, this wasn’t-- she wasn’t a-- a figment of my imagination!
Okay, okay, I’m just-- I’m just saying, like…
I would see, like, my Dad sometimes…? But… I don’t know why, I mean, he’s still *alive*, obviously…
But… you know, like…
Who knows, really, what happened.
But… Clarissa… I--
It’s totally random chance-- we were getting *pushed out* into the *time-scape* or whatever you wanna call it.
It used to be a military base.
Henry Fonda stationed here, I think, for a bit. Unless he was Navy...
Who's Henry Fonda?
And around Christmas-time, this little breakfast place used to sell these amazing polar bear sugar cookies.
Maaaaan, those were good. Then one year they changed the formula or whatever and ruined it.
Well, it used to be a ranching thing, then it was turned into an army thing, then it became a bird thing and a museum or whatever.
Uh huh. And why's it called Edwards Island?
Actually... I forget. But you'll have fun tonight, trust me.
Alex. Hey. Still with us?
You haven't said anything for like ten minutes.
Mission Control to Alex, this is Big Poppa, do you read me?
Yeah, my... my mind drifted for a second.
Yeah, uh, sorry.
Yeah, Jonas what you're seeing right now is what I like to call a “trip,“ this blank stare thing Alex'll sometimes do.
You might think something's wrong, but there isn't. She's just rebooting.
Okay, noted.
I can watch the hypnotic rolling of the waves and listen to you at the same time.
Oh, okay. What did I say?
Little Miss I Can See and Hear Things At the Same Time.
The cookies are great on Edwards Island.
Used to be great... but you passed, thank you.
Uh, something about Bird Island, or… pancakes, I don’t know.
Perfect. You are right on the money.
Something, something, cookies, whatever.
So you all moved in?
Uh, not-- not really. I just got in this morning.
And how did her mom meet your dad, exactly?
They met on vacation in Orlando? He got lost in a-- actually, I’m not even gonna tell this story.
Wow. Is that weird?
That must be weird.
I, uh...
I dunno.
But anyways, is it weird? It must be weird that you guys’s parents are getting married, right?
A little?
They're in love, so... I think my job is to adjust.
Boy, I couldn't do that. It's crazy to me, and I just know her as Mrs. Alex's Mom.
I dunno... I mean, it's kinda weird? Right, it's a little weird?
Yeah, it's-- it's gonna take a little getting used to.
Yes, of course, it's weird. It's super weird. I hate having to think of my mom as a real person with, like, wants and desires...
Yeah, I don't even like hearing my dad flush the toilet, so, yes, this is odd.
I mean, me, thinking about my parents is just-- enough, so...
And you guys just met tonight?
Yeah, I was, um... I'd been out at school and the timing had just never worked out, so...
And what does that make you to her then?
A, uh, second cousin...?
I don't know how people math works.
But, to be clear… you two are what to each other?
I think you’re overthinking it.
Am I?
He's my step-brother.
Oh yeah! I forgot that was even a thing.
He'll be like a roommate, really.
No, but isn't there like a term for it?
Um, step-brother, technically.
Uhhh, he's just a guy, what else would he be?
Well at least you seem cool, right? Cool guy, cool hat… you get a cool new sibling, living right in your house...
Sharing your toothbrush... wearing your clothes.... eating your food... smelling up your bathroom.
I have, uh, I have my own toothbrush.
Well throw it out! It's useless now.
No, that's the weird part. I mean, isn't it-- the concept of just getting a new sister like a puppy, isn't it kinda awkward?
No, it's been totally bizarre. But just for the record I don’t consider you a pet.
Yeah, no, it's a... nice perk. Unless you're, like, a pyro or something...
Just a klepto, so… you’re in luck.
Yeah, sure, whatever, I have someone to reach the food on the top shelf now.
Just happy to be on the team.
And it's Jonas? Not Jonah?
Yeah, Jonas.
Like Jonas Salk?
Right, patient zero, AIDS guy.
Polio.
It's, uh, Biblical, right? Or is that the lion guy?
I think every name's Biblical, so... probably.
Jonas. It means, “oppressor,“ I think.
Yeah, but I mean my sign’s Cancer and... it's not like my hair is falling out or anything...
So... how do you two know each other?
Oh, from way back when, like paleozoic. Grade school era. Young enough that I've seen her in a bathtub and it wasn't sexual at all.
I mean, we both looked like little skinned potato blobs.
And to date that's *still* what I think she looks like under her clothes.
First impressions and everything.
Ahhhh! Ren! Why are you even talking about this!
It's humorous! Right? It's just interesting, I think it's interesting.
Ugh, it's so creepy now to think about.
Why?! We were babies, it's funny, that's all.
Yeah, well, you don't see a man's toddler penis and not become best friends after that.
Yeah, exactly. Bond stronger than oak.
Oh, oh, we should get a quick picture, all of us.
“They’re on their way!”
Why? Shouldn’t we wait till we get there or… at least meet up with the others?
No, no no this is the core unit, anyway. The rest are like our guest stars.
Fine. Just… hold the camera out. Far. I don’t, uh, look my freshest right now...
It’s true, Jonas, this is like B minus Alex, just for your, uh, calibration.
Yeah, let’s do it.
Here’s good.
C’mon, Alex, join the fun!
We, uh, need a girl in the picture, Alex, to balance some of this out.
Alex, we’re not taking the pic until you get in here.
I can wait all night.
Well maybe not all night but until the boat docks.
There! Great. I’ll magic erase all the warts out and stuff so don’t worry.
No, wait, what happened? I feel like I haven’t heard this.
He got lost in some gardens and he thought she worked there and blah blah blah they hit it off.
Aww, that’s downright adorable.
Yes, please don’t. Let’s not relive their meet-cute anymore than we have to.
It’s really not worth it.
Okay.
Just pretend it’s a really fascinating story.
Because it isn’t.
Uh, wait, were you gonna tell us how your dad met Alex’s mom, or…
No, no, they just-- it was in Orlando, and… that’s it, really.
Wow. Is that weird?
But yeah, we’re old friends. Embarrassingly old friends, like… we should have found better people to hang out with by now.
Why? Shouldn’t we wait till we get there or… at least meet up with the others?
Yeah, let’s do it.
Fine. Just… hold the camera out. Far. I don’t, uh, look my freshest right now...
Passengers, we’ll be arriving soon. Check under your seat to make sure you don’t leave behind any personal belongings.
And if you picked up a complimentary disposable radio, remember to tune to 102.3 at the various plaques. We encourage you to listen in to our Edwards Island Walking Tour, and hear more about the fascinating events of this historical landmark.
“Check under your seat to make sure you don’t leave behind any grandchildren.”
Wait, who’s talking right now?
It’s a recording. They always play it.
Uhh, so... How do you know what--?
Huh... yeah.
This'll be the before shot.
Wait, didn’t we… didn’t we just get done with… this… boat… thing? I’m sorry, I just remember going home…or...?
Man, this is… I’m sorry but this is *so* familiar, like… I dunno, I just feel like you’ve said all this before.
Well, yeah, I’m sure I’ve said it to *you* before but it’s new to Jonas. And he’s downright enraptured. Right?
Huh?
Right.
He got lost in some gardens and he thought she worked there and… they hit it off?
Yeah, that’s, uh, that’s it, yeah.
Seriously, didn’t we talk about this already? He’s my stepbrother, it’s not a--
“And hear more about the fascinating events of this landmark.” It’s strange the things that stick to your brain, you know?
Have you guys, uh, done this a lot?
Not spend the night, no, but visit, yeah. I mean, since we were wee ones.
Can you smoke here?
Okay. Uh, anybody wanna join?
Alex?
You can bum one off me if you're empty.
Alex, wanna have a smoke for a second?
Oh, you know what, she doesn't smoke either, so...
Yeah, sure.
Really? Since when do you smoke?
Last time you tried it I thought you were gonna vomit on my shoes.
Alex doesn’t smoke, though, really.
That’s… okay.
Since now, that's since when.
Okayyy, just remember… aim to throw up over the landing.
I'm being polite, you should try it sometime.
We won't be long.
I forget if you’re a fellow addict.
I just wanna try to leave my Dad like a message or something.
Yes, it’s true, I fear any and all alone time.
Uh… anyways, I’m gonna have a quick one--
Alex doesn’t smoke, though, really. Like, seriously, since when this is a thing of yours?
Okayyy, just remember… aim to throw up in the water.
We’ll be quick, we’ll meet you by the thing.
Smell that clean air, boys and girls. Boy and girl. This ain’t city livin’.
Yeah, uh, anybody need a smoke? I have a full pack.
Oh, uh, no thanks. I mean, I just said the clean air thing, so.
Alex?
But Alex, uh, you wanna smoke?
It’s not big deal if you need one.
Oh, uh, no thanks, I don’t smoke. The last time I had one it… didn’t go well.
Yeah, no, I didn’t know what “coughing with your whole body” meant until I saw you dry heaving.
Okay, just checking.
Okay, just checking.
Eh, Ren’s right, I probably shouldn’t.
Well, here’s the smoke if you want it.
Or…
It’s okay, nevermind.
You really want one?
Cause if you don't, it's fine.
So…. you wanna cigarette?
Or no?
Yeah, no, I do, Ren doesn't... he doesn't know everything.
Actually, I'll, uh, pass, thanks anyway.
I'll just save it.
[hugely coughing]
You alright?
They're filtered...
Yeah, yeah, no, I am in... flavor country over here.
Okay.
Yeah no, it's just, uh, it’s been a while...
You okay? Okay.
Ren seems nice.
He’s funny, you know.
Reminds me of a guy I know back home.
Yeah. I mean, he’s harmless. But yeah, he’s nice.
I dunno. You think?
Yeah.
He’s a boy. So. You get what you see.
I dunno. He sometimes gets on my nerves.
Yeah?
I guess it’s just-- for me, I’ve never moved anywhere, and, like, getting a new family at the same time kinda feels like I’m skipping the training wheels.
Not that it's been bad or anything. You and your Mom have been great.
Well how do you think I feel? My house just shrunk by half because my Mom decided to get some in Florida.
No, I know, I'm sorry.
An optimist. Christ.
It'll just be a lot to, uh... adjust to, I guess.
Oh stop it.
Yeah, I’m an optimist and proud of it!
Yeah, I'm sure you miss your friends.
Eh. There's not much to miss, to be honest.
No, I get it. I mean, you outgrow people, you… meander apart... it's part of, you know, whatever, I guess.
Kind of... I mean, your friends are your friends, right? You liked 'em for a reason, at least one time...
I suppose.
Oh, and thanks for setting up the attic for me...
It's cool, how it's like a little bedroom.
But, yeah… just thanks for getting the attic set up.
Saved me some work.
That was, uh... that was Mike's room, actually... so... there wasn't that much to set up.
Oh. Oh, man, I'm sorry.
We didn't, uh... we didn't actually set it up for you.
Oh. Crap, that was probably... that was Michael's room, right? Man, I'm sorry.
Man, I'm sorry.
No problem, any time.
I didn't mean to bring it up.
It's okay, you didn't know.
Let's just change the subject.
No, absolutely.
I, um, heard about your mom. I'm sorry.
Yeah... you know... What are you gonna do.
I heard, um, I think from my mom, that... you, uh...
Went to jail?
Yeah, well.... don't believe everything you hear.
It's nice at night, right?
Yeah.
Sorry. I couldn't think of one.
I guess a brother-sister rapport takes some time…
Yeah, no, give it a week and we’ll be like Siskel and Ebert.
Always fighting.
Precisely.
Yeah, but... only over movies.
Yeah, well… don’t set your stopwatch or anything. It might be a while.
Not that, you know, we need to be, uh… oh, forget it.
Passengers, we’ll be arriving soon. Check under your seat to make sure you don’t leave behind any personal belongings. And if you picked up a complimentary disposable radio, remember to tune to 102.3 at the various plaques. We encourage you to listen in to our Edwards Island Walking Tour, and hear more about the fascinating events of this historical landmark.
Okay, you’re on the same team, I guess.
Eh, we'll make do. Lemons, lemonade, however that goes.
An optimist. Christ.
I couldn’t think of a different subject...
I just gotta keep tabs on Ren. He gets rattled easily.
No, I’m just… walking around.
Yeah, right. Get your barf bags ready.
Alright, my other friends should be up around the bend…
Actually, that-- I mean I don’t mean to be the guy to break us up already, but Ren, could you do me a favor?
Can I have like two real quick minutes with Alex for a second?
And you can, you know-- you can run up and meet your friends.
Uh, really?
Just… that’s kinda...
It’ll take three minutes, tops.
Wait, what could you possibly have to say that Ren can’t hear?
It’s-- it’s not like that, it’s nothing, really. It’s just something I wanna talk to you about super fast, that’s all.
Jonas, c’mon, I vouched for you sight unseen and you’re already acting super weird.
And I appreciate the voucher, I do, and... I’m not trying to seem weird. I just want two minutes alone, that’s it.
Wait, is something wrong? What is it?
Nothing’s wrong, nothing’s wrong, it’ll take two minutes, super fast.
Alright, but-- Look, I don’t wanna go up by myself.
I mean, can’t we just stick together, you’re gonna have all night to say, like… whatever.
But since you wanna meet up with your friends anyway...
We’re all gonna meet up with them, it’s like a buddy system.
So let’s be buddies.
C’mon, Jonas, this is… let’s just all go up. I don’t wanna send Ren away like deer hound.
Yeah, it’s fine, and you can talk to Alex later.
We’re like at hour one here, you’ll have ample family bonding time.
Uh… yeah, fine, sure. No problem.
No, it’s-- it’s fine, Ren, go on up ahead and we’ll catch up with you.
Um… okay. I guess. Though this is like a really strange way to start off, splitting up.
I’ll be fast. Thanks, man.
I’ll be just up the hill in case… whatever.
Um… just nevermind. I’ve already made everyone uncomfortable so…
No, it’s-- you’re not making anyone uncomfortable, but… I mean, let’s all just go up.
Yeah, he’s-- Look, just what did you want to talk to me about before I suspect something nefarious.
No, it’s nothing… it’s not bad.
Listen, I just wanted to grab you ahead of time and say you’ve been… cool… about everything. And...
We can-- we can catch back up with Ren now, I didn’t mean to take so long.
Actually, that-- I mean I don’t mean to be the guy to break us up already, but--
No, Jonas… I have a feeling I know what you’re gonna say, and… it’s fine. Yeah, it’s weird us living together now, but… it’s okay, let’s just meet up with our friends.
Oh, uh, okay. sure.
Passengers, we’ll be arriving soon. Check under your seat to make sure you don’t leave behind any personal belongings. And if you picked up a complimentary disposable radio, remember to tune to 102.3 at the various plaques. We encourage you to listen in to our Edwards Island Walking Tour, and hear more about the fascinating events of this historical landmark.
Wait, who’s talking right now?
What? What’s going on?
What? Where are you going?
But seriously he seems okay, right?
I’m listening, I’m listening.
It’s fine, go bond with your new housemate.
Keep up the chatter, I can hear you.
[sigh]
Hey, Alex, you brought the radio, right?
The little portable one?
Yeah, of course.
Perfect. Can you pull it out a second?
What radio?
That little-- you know, the little-- it almost looks like a *toy*, the-- oh. Oh, you're joking.
Just bring it out, will you.
There's the little guy.
Our high school has a radio station and Carly-- she’s a friend of ours-- she's filling in because Reggie got mono from some track runner or something.
It doesn't matter, what *matters* is that she's gonna say something like... *basically* right now about our thing, so...
Tune it to 88.3 so I can tell her we heard it.
It's, uh, to the *left* of the dial.
88.3.
If we miss it, I'll never hear the end from her.
Alex, for the love of all that is holy, it's 88.3!
Haha! That’s awesome!
We're slowing down.
Yeah, so... I know it's Edwards Island, I know it was a military base, I know it's a, uh, a *bird* thing now, but... I still don't know what we're *doing*... exactly...
I hope *Christina* with her Talent Show Judge face was listening.
We must be getting close.
There’s no radio reception on the island… I’m glad I got to hear it before it went totally kaput.
If we can’t use it, why’d you bring it? Not just for the boat...
Um, no. You’ll see. Don’t expect too much, but… nah, it’ll be fun, I won’t undercook it.
You’ll see.
Yeah, why’d you want me to bring this again?
For the-- you know why, the cave thing. But take it out now, I wanna show you something.
Uhhh… did you-- did you guys hear that last part?
What part?
Um, wait… was that-- that sounded a lot like my voice, right? At the end there?
Nah. Well I mean Carly maybe kinda sounds like you if you sucked down three helium balloons or something.
Hey, there’s an old ship’s wheel up here. It’s a replica from a… Portuguese caravel, it says?
Uh, yeah, I think the Portuguese discovered the island? I dunno. I mostly slept through the maritime portion of history class.
Who’s the-- who’s driving this?
That’s Sea Captain Karen! She’s doing us a favor. You’ll notice we’re the only ones doing the voyage...
Yeah, I, uh, did notice that.
It’s a little hush-hush but she’s dropping us off and then doing a, uh, miscount on the way back. So we can spend the night!
Yeah, uh, what’s up with that? Does no one normally go there at night.
Nobody really lives there, so no. And Karen’s not gonna mind that we’re spending the night.
Sea Captain Karen’s technically a friend of the family, but… I think she’s secretly dating my Aunt.
I guess she can’t hear me.
Goodbye, town.
How you doin' up there, Karen?
Just give me a second, the boat's got me all woozy.
Okay, take your time...
Listen, Alex… I didn’t wanna say anything to Ren or Nona, but… the truth of it is I’m not feeling too awesome right now.
You’ll be fine, Jonas, c’mon, just shake it off, don’t fade out on me now.
No no, c’mon, Jonas, we’ve-- we’ve cleaned the whole house, nobody wants to scrub the toilet but it’s gotta be done, it’s *gotta* be done before we can fall on the couch and watch cartoons, okay?
Just hang in there, Jonas, okay? I know you feel like a garbage snow man right now, but… we’re almost done.
It’s kinda getting… worse.
Actually.
Hey, what do you call a man who’s short of time?
Huh?
Have you heard this one?
You know, I’m not really in the mood for--
Is this a joke?
Yeah, it’s, a-- What do you call a man that’s short of time. Tim. You call him Tim.
No clue.
Tim. You call him Tim.
[sigh]
Oh. [polite, strained laughter]
Oh, brother.
Yeah, it’s not one of my finest.
Um… uh oh, this, uh, this feels different again…
Oh. Oh, really? I mean… it’s not like we’ve been here before, so…
Wait, another-- we just had another time loop again, but… I dunno, it feels, like, *wrong* to even have one right now.
[sigh] Yeah. I mean, yeah, it’s gonna be-- it’s getting worse, so… they might happen with more-- like with more frequency or something now.
[sarcastic sigh] Great.
Well… I hope that worked…
It’s like… it’s a little stuck.
But, uh, anyway’s the door’s kinda stuck...
Not, like, *super glued* stuck, but…
But… it shouldn’t be too much of a problem.
Okay, let’s try shoving into it, or…
Oh, *man*. And the cave is like *right* here, I think.
It feels like it’ll budge if we just… put our stomachs into it, but…
Wait, before we-- Look, if something happens on the other side of this door, just... don’t be stupid.
Cut and run, okay?
If I turn into dead weight or start freaking out…
Just get to the boat, do whatever you have to.
Just get out of here.
But seriously, Alex, before we do whatever it is we’re about to do in there… if I start bugging out or it gets too weird… don’t stop for me.
Just get out.
Do whatever you gotta, but get to your friends.
Don’t talk like that, alright? Nothing’s going to *happen*, there’s no way this ends like that, we won’t let it.
Jonas, we’re *all* getting out of here.
I mean-- look, we’re about to fix this in two minutes. Two minutes, this is *microwave popcorn* of a problem.
If that’s…. how you feel. But I’m not about to even, like, think like that right now, think positive.
I’m not asking, I’m telling.
Okay?
Okay Mr. Dramatic, will you just shut up and help me with the door.
Alright, fine! I’ll leave you with your guts hanging out on the side of the road at the first provocation!
That’s what I wanna hear, thank you.
Look, dream a little dream, buddy, it’s not gonna happen, I’m not gonna leave you.
Now, let’s just get this door open, do what we gotta and get home.
Okay.
Alright, let’s do the door. Like the… Parks office, okay? On three.
One.
Wait. Wait wait wait, okay, you know what, that’s-- this is like the tenth time we’ve heard this song all night.
There is *something* going on with…
Like, *why* would this *specific* tune be all over the place?
I have to know what’s going on before we head in there, I’m sorry.
But really I-- I gotta know what this is about, this song being everywhere.
I’ll be fast, but…
It’s just too strange.
Yeah, it’s probably a *trick*, Jonas. The ghosts know we’re closing in on-- on booting them out and they’re throwing up distractions to distract you!
Maybe you’re right, maybe you’re right, but… it’s-- I mean, it’s *ghosts* and I’m not about to throw away the possibility this is something… else.
I know this is, like, *sensitive* for you, Jonas, but… we really don’t have time to waste here, I don’t think.
Set a stopwatch, I won’t take more than five minutes.
Okay, if it’ll make you feel better… we’ll investigate the Case of Jonas’s Mom’s Weird Song *before* we save our lives.
Sounds perfect.
It’s… it’s like breaking or something.
Can you-- can you fix it?
I mean, it’s just so crazy to keep hearing this, right?
Like, this is *not* like a popular… tune or whatever, it’s just this little jingle she’d play on our keyboard thing.
It was like a tic, she had.
I dunno…
But try and get it playing right, if you can.
Alright, I know what you’re thinking, and… Jonas, I’m sorry, but chances are *remote* that this is, like, your *actual Mom* collect calling you from the grave or something.
Yeah, but… *how* remote, really.
Okay, I’m gonna give you some leeway here because *I’d* want it with Michael, so… take a look.
Okay, good, thank you.
It’s…. it sounds like… it’s like *her*, a recording or… it’s just-- it’s my *Mom*, that’s her voice in the static.
You can hear that right?
I mean I know you don’t know what she sounded like, but…
You can hear that-- the voice, right?
Jonas, this… it doesn’t feel right, something’s wrong.
Wait, wait, wait.
Jonas, I… I think we should go. Really.
I can… kinda hear it?
Is it possible, do you think it’s possible, I mean, for, like-- we’ve been *talking* with *ghosts* the entire night, do you think it’s…
Like it *could* be, right?
It’s-- just with everything that’s happened, she could have come here...
I… Jonas, I’m sorry, but I… I *really* don’t think that’s her. Like *really* her.
Well how would you know, you don’t know that for sure.
And I’m not saying *I* know that for sure but the stuff we’ve seen tonight, it-- just, this *has* to be possible. Right?
It’s possible… I mean, a lot’s happened tonight in this, uh, general realm of craziness, so... I’m not gonna rule it out.
Or… like found me or knew I was in trouble or…
God, she’s like *so* close, can you just-- can you just try and tune in the signal, this tape player thing isn’t even--
I have like no clue what’s going on, but…
If you could just help me with this right now…
Please?
It’s too dangerous, Jonas, I’m sorry, but.. this could be anything, *anyone*.
“Too dangerous?” We-- I mean, you’ve been using that radio to do *everything* all night, like a swiss army knife, like a *spork* and suddenly *this* is too dangerous?
Jonas, I know this is… tough to understand, but we *really* should be using the radio to get *out* of here, and, like, that’s it.
We *have* to leave.
We don’t *have* to leave, you just *want* to leave.
Uh, sure, I can-- I can try, I guess.
Yeah, cause this… I don’t know how to get this, uh, clearer or whatever.
C’mon, I’m sorry, but *please*, can you try and understand what’s happening here?
Just… please, help me out.
I just cannot…
I just can’t really get this to… change… or….
[annoyed grunt]
Mom, can you--?
Hmph.
But really can you just, like, try and… you know, just try and tune in the signal.
Oh my God.
Wait, what’s going on? Is this like, uh…
This is-- this is amazing.
Mom? Is that...
Whoah, uh…
Alex?
Jonas, wait!
Jonas, don’t!
Jonas! I need you, come back! Come…
Jonas! Where did you-- where did you go! Come back!
Oh no.
Wait, it’s… damn, it’s another Radio Wave Lock thing.
Oh, uh… maybe I can, um, do something.
Seriously? Jonas, I think when this thing was last used, *Benny Goodman* was on the air, so it’s not like--
Oh my God, I don’t care about Benny friggin’ Goodman, just let me see if I can--
Jonas, it’s not a normal lock that needs picking, it needs like… an electrician. From the 40’s.
No, c’mon, if I can get my prohibition era washing machine to work, I can do something about a--
Okay… uh, have at it.
Yeah, this’ll just take like--
Just give me like--
Ignore that.
Jonas, please, from here it looks like you’re just jamming your knuckles into electrical sockets.
Can you just stop before I watch you get fried?
I kinda mostly know what I’m doing! A little, anyway… just let me try some stuff.
Do you… do you really have any idea what you’re doing right now?
Not-- not really, not at all, but this is the only way through, so just let me try some stuff.
*Please* be careful. Don’t electrocute me. Or yourself.
I’m just gonna assume that’s the order of importance.
It’s kinda spooky, right, the beds? Thinking they would’ve slept here while the rest of us burned.
Yeah, but… do you think it would even have worked?
Nah, I think it would’ve worked.
There’s enough tons of concrete here to keep them from, uh, mutanting, I think…
Yeah… maybe not. It’s kinda sad to think about…
Too late now, anyway… they never got to try it out.
Like, if-- if Yugoslavia or whoever dropped an A-Bomb on their heads…
I don’t know if this place would’ve held up.
Can you believe this? Like… what is happening…
Yeah, is the radio messing with stuff more here because we’re, like, closer to the-- the ocean or whatever?
Yeah, I think so. But it’s not like I really have any, uh, solid understanding of it…
Who knows. Adler had her theories, but… I’m not gonna try, I just want it stopped.
Or… closer to the-- the “tear” or…
I don’t know what to call it.
C’mon, Jonas… let’s… let’s just get in the cave and… remember why we’re here, okay?
Can’t you just help me out with this? Please?
Let’s go, Jonas, I don’t wanna risk doing anything we’ll regret or miss our window or-- or just *not* getting this right.
This is more important, I’m sorry.
I-- I know you’re right, okay, I just… I just wanted to see if this was… I don’t even know, it’s fine, let’s… just let’s do this.
No, now… really, we-- we have to finish this. Before it’s too late, okay?
Okay.
Alright, but… quickly.
This would be *a lot* quicker if you would just come over here and do your thing.
Hey, hold on, I think that was-- that was working, wasn’t it?
Maybe this isn’t a good idea. I mean, don’t you feel a little like a rabbit chasing a strung up carrot?
We’re not gonna be thrown in a *stew*, alright? It’s fine.
Now, c’mon, try again, please?
Oh, whoops. My mistake.
She was sounding clearer, I think.
Can you-- can you please try it again?
It’s… it feels, like, wrong to see one of these when we’re not in a, uh, a time loop, right?
Yeah. It kinda does.
[grunt]
[grunt
Alright, we both swing in on three, alright?
One.
Two.
Three!
Alright, on my count.
On three, okay?
Do it with me, okay? Just like before.
When I say three, shove, alright
Jonas, this is a-- I know we tried this before, but… I think we might be able to change things, like, *really* change things if… if we lucky with the timing.
What do you mean?
What timing?
We can, like, *talk* through the radio waves to another-- another timeline. We might be able to still, like, warn ourselves, I think.
Um, okay, uh, neat, but… what good would that do *us*, really.
We can send messages through these things to-- it’ll like let us communicate with a, uh, another *version* of us, I saw it happen, the *effects* when-- when I got send *back*.
I don’t-- I don’t even know, really… the ghosts and… Clarissa on the beach said something that just makes me think we can still tweak things in… some way...
Well… if you wanna try something, now’s the time.
It’s not like the version of me that can *fly* is gonna bust through here and save us, so.
What’s the point.
Yeah, I-- I guess you’re right.
There’s still… there’s still some good in trying, I think. I don’t know.
[sigh] Okay, I won’t stop you.
Trying to save *somebody* isn’t nothing, Jonas, it’s still *you* that’d be safe in bed at the end of all this, it’s just not-- it’s just not…
It’s just not *us*. Not exactly.
But, I mean, hey, I’m not gonna stop you.
Say whatever you think will help, I guess.
Alex, this is…. you, okay? Just… don’t go into the cave. Whatever you do. Don’t go into the cave.
Alex, this is… Alex… Just… don’t use your radio for the rest of the night. Okay? Just don’t use your radio.
Alex, this is… Alex, and… listen, *don’t* come to Edwards Island. Whatever you do, just-- just don’t come here. Stay home. Stay... safe.
I think… this is like a two way receiver. It’s on… which… I dunno, this might just be a cruel joke played by, you know… *them*.
Yeah, I mean… it’s kind of too late for the cavalry at this point.
But if you wanna try something still, go ahead.
We got a few seconds of precious survival time left.
Hey, if you’re out there, we got stranded on Edwards Island… anybody have a--[gets cut off]
Do not. Hurt yourself. With the strain. Of trying.
There is. No. Way. Out. Alex.
Hello, hello, anybody out there? We missed the last ferry off the island so if anyone can--[gets cut off]
Do not. Hurt yourself. With the strain. Of trying.
There is. No. Way. Out. Alex.
Yeah, we’ve run out of time.
Hey, what did you do?
Uh, I don’t know.
I’m just trying to help?
The, uh... I think it’s getting worse.
What’s getting worse.
The-- whatever’s… causing these time shift things, or… whatever’s happening.
Yeah, I… think so, too.
Not that it can get *much* worse, but…
Oh, the Radio Lock thing’s back to working. It says… there’s note that says the code is, uh, “Industry.”
So.
Guess we’re all set…
Uh, great.
Well… at least my screwing around worked… kind of.
Jonas!
Oh, Jesus, you scared me.
*I* scared you?! You scared me, I had no idea where you were!
Didn’t you hear me calling for you?
Jesus… you scared me.
I didn’t hear you at all. You were really calling for me?
Yes!
Why did you run off without waiting for me!
Are you okay?
I’m sorry for going ahead, I thought-- I thought I heard somebody down here, but, you know… obviously there isn’t.
[big breath]
I didn't hear you come up.
I scared you? You scared me! I had no idea where you were.
Sorry, I thought… I thought I heard someone down here. But, you know… obviously there isn’t.
Why did you run off without waiting for me?
Are you okay? I mean, what are you even doing? I had no idea where you went to.
But isn’t this place incredible?
I mean, I don’t even know how this… how this happens.
It's crazy.
No, it’s, uh, it’s beautiful.
It’s honestly creeping me out. I feel like we’re in Satan’s underground lair.
It’s a little creepy, but… I mean, it’s all just a cave, just a natural cave.
Yeah, sure, it’s amazing, can we just like go now?
Wait wait wait gimme a second.
Alright.
Uh. Neat.
See? *That’s* what I heard. It sounds like a *person*, almost, right?
Kind of?
I don't know where it's coming from.
Okay, at this point if we stay we’re just idiots. Right? We’re just the horror movie morons the audience screams at to leave.
Noooo. Maybe.
Maybe it is someone, you ever think of that? Maybe it’s the crazy guy who lives here and he’s gonna eat our stomachs.
Where is he, then? In which of these tiny air holes does he hibernate?
What could that be? Echoes…? Sounds of the ocean bouncing off the walls?
Beats me, I failed geology.
I guess it stopped...
But take a look around at some of this stuff, seriously.
There's some cool crap in here.
Can we just go. Please? I really don’t like it here.
Yeah, okay. We can go. Lead the way.
Seeing as how I crawled in here to get you, might as well make the most of it.
Yeah, I mean Ren hasn’t even seen this stuff, right? We’re gonna be the experts now.
Oh geez, don’t even joke about that out loud to him, really, he’ll lose his only sense of self worth he has left.
I’m just… this place just makes me really super nervous, that’s all, so…
You don’t have to explain, I totally get it. Let’s... just get back to the happy fun time beach festivities, okay? It’s fine.
It’s just… my friends are waiting, you know? Ren is like lost in his own brain right now, and--
Thank you.
What are you even doing?
“To my son, Charles. Always loyal.“
It can be. Sure.
There was a light in here somewhere. I still wanna see what made it.
Yeah, and-- I mean, look if it’s cool we can get the others and if it’s not we’ll just leave.
It must just be further in.
Let’s try and find it before we go back.
What… wow, how is that… you see the floating, uh, triangle light thing, right?
Um. Yes.
No. Where?
It's like right in the, uh, the air there...
Must be like… like a… like a rainbow or a… like a reflection of light?
Those, um, exist. Right?
Cave… triangle rainbows?
I mean... probably, right?
But, uh, I was just gonna say that I think the triangle looking thing’s like a rainbow or something?
Sure, why not, let’s go with that for the time being.
Um, maybe? Until last week I hadn’t heard about *parrotfish* either, so... I guess anything’s possible.
It doesn’t really look like a trick of light, Jonas. It looks like someone’s science fair project just floating there.
I think this is all tied to when you tuned in those weird signals out there in the, um… what am I trying to say... I, uh, think that you... tuned in... this... little guy somehow.
I think it's all the same thing.
Well, if I did… neat! I finally know what it feels like to catch a big trout.
Noooo, no way. There’s, like, twenty things wrong with that idea with the number one being radios don’t conjure light beams.
C’mon, it happened outside! It’s not that far fetched.
Really? Ya think?
Definitely.
Try your radio... maybe that's like a frequency or something.
Alex, just-- I think you tuned in the triangle when we were outside so… let’s see what else happens if you tweak the dial some more.
C’mon, bring out the radio, let’s see if the triangle thing will react at all.
Like, if it’ll have an effect.
Maybe, uh, later…
Oh, c’mon! Let’s do it, now.
Yeah, good idea. Maybe it’ll dance or twitch or something.
There’s a big triangle just sitting up there wanting to hear some weird static...
Seriously, we’re right here.
I wanna check out some of this stuff, first. The glowing thing isn’t going anywhere.
Okay, quit hasslin’, I’ll do it in a hot minute.
Hey, uh, wait, people don’t like bring their junk in here, right? Like, what is that?
It looks like a console or something…
Or like some.. kind of recording equipment… right?
Uh, people don’t exactly dump their trash here like it’s a stained couch on the interstate, so… yeah, this is weird.
It-- whatever it is doesn’t even look that old, but… I don’t even know what it is, yet, so, uh...
I have a weird feeling that there should be, like, something else… here… but I can’t really put my finger on why…
Yeah, this looks like, uh, like a really, really, really old, uh, phone… thing.
Come check this out, seriously.
Alex....
What… the…
Jonas…
Hello. Dear. Tell everyone hello.
Hello. Everyone.
Uh. Hello.
Hi!
Hello?
Sleepy time gal. Everything fine. Hope things there same. Don’t know if leave is possible.
This is... insane.
What? What are you--?
I… I don’t know what…
Who… are you… who are you on the--?
Listen. Bob tail. Shave tail. Sleepy time gal.
Is. Leave. Possible.
Uh, yeah, sure, leave possible…
I… I don’t know what you mean, so… I can’t…
Um, maybe? But I don’t really…
We, uh, don’t know what you’re saying…
Bob tail. Leave children. My mothers. Will see them soon.
Oh. It’s you. Again.
You’ll give up. The struggle. To live. To escape. Eventually.
This story...
It is not. So sweet. As before.
Huh?
Me again? What do you-- what do you mean?
What-- what struggle, what are you talking about? Escape?
These. Machines.
They won’t help.
Other you. Can’t help.
They can’t *be* helped.
Not if we. Are unhelped.
“Other me?” What-- what does that mean?
Another Alex. Infinite. Alex. And endless. Us.
But everyone. Still. Has to play.
These machines? What machines, these-- this speaker thing? What does that have to do with anything?
The waves.
The *waves*. It’s the waves, we think.
Transmitters. Bleed through. So other Alex can hear.
But it. Won’t. Change anything.
What-- *what* won’t help, what’s-- what’s happening?
Messages. In bottles. Drown with all else.
Even if you reach. Another. Alex. It won’t matter.
What-- what’s going on, where are you, what-- what are you *talking* about, we can barely understand--
Fine. Another round. If you like.
Alex!
Jonas!
What's--!
Ahhhhhh!
“See A Man About A Dog…” Sure. Will do.
Why would a guy bring an ash tray down here… or a pen…
Yeah, I have no idea what this is.
I wish this was a door.
Yeah, me too.
Hey, look! An armoire!
Oh my God, who cares! You were just making lasers in the sky, Alex! Let’s get back to that!
This is honestly the craziest thing in here.
I know.
Like… how’d it even get in? And, I mean, aside from some, like, water damage… it’s not really even that junky.
I guess it’s locked.
Yeah, zippity doo dah.
Yeah, I already tried.
If we ever get out.
“...Saw the Man, Not the Dog.“
What the crap does that mean?
A guy who can't see dogs.
Did you see the first half?
“See a Man About a Dog?” Yeah. I don’t get it, either.
I’ll take it.
It’s the same, everywhere. There’s no other exit.
I know, I know.
This, uh, cave wall is kinda… interesting, right?
Not as interesting as that light beam thing you were making out of thin air, but... sure.
Like, what is this… made out of? Is it ice?
I don’t know. Pockets of it are cold… but not all of it.
If this garbage was only moving we could follow out the current.
Well… yeah, I would still assume it came in from the ocean, but... I dunno.
Yeah, I don't know either.
This is so bizarre. I would say this stuff is trash but it looks still like in…. kinda good condition.
Yeah, oh yeah, that's really bizarre. That's like the most bizarre thing we've seen all day! Trash!
More floating garbage… only it doesn’t look like garbage but somebody’s actual *stuff* that they just tossed in here.
Maybe it floated in from the ocean…
I don’t know how it would.
Apart from the, uh, triangle... this is honestly the craziest thing in here.
It’s-- oh. It’s, like, *on*-- That’s-- okay… But anyways I was gonna say that it looks like an intercom or something?
Yeah, I don’t know… just say something into it, see what happens.
Maybe there’s speakers somewhere.
Or they’ll hear it outside...
Hello out there? This is, uh, Cave FM, “No. 1 for Cave, Grotto and Subterranean Country.”
Uh, if anyone can hear this, it’s Jonas and Alex talking into a weird, uh, cave machine?
Uh, testing, testing… this is a test of the Beach Cave Emergency System…
Hey, Ren? Nona? Can you guys hear me? It’s Alex, in case you can’t recognize my--
Maybe it’s… broken?
I mean, that wasn’t you, right? It sounded all distorted.
Sleepy time gal. Everything fine.
“Sleepy time gal?” Is that a recording or something?
...Wh-- who was that?
Jonas! Jonas!
Jonas, where are you!
Jonas, come back!
Jonas, seriously! Where are you!
Jonas, are you alright?! Shout if you’re… like, bleeding or something!
Errghgh, Jonas, I am gonna friggin’ kill you for this!
Oh my God.
Is this-- are you-- is this-- you-- are you doing this?
I-I think!
Yeah!
Should-- should I stop?!
No! This is awesome!
I can’t even, like-- what is-- what’s--?!
Is it-- what’s it--?!
Is it something-- making?!
Shut up!
I know, I know!
Is it? It what?!
Jesus.
Wait! *Why* did you stop!
That was like the most incredible thing in the history of like everything!
Bring that radio back out!
We don’t even know what that *thing* is!
Yeah, exactly, let’s find out!
It’s friggin’ scary, that’s why!
Yeah, it’s… it’s *scary*, but… I’m sure the first *caveman* to make *fire* was a little *scared*, too!
That doesn’t compare!
[angry groan]
I’m sorry, I got… confused!
Alright, well let’s do it again, I wanna see it again.
Just… just give me a second.
C’mon, Alex, do the tuning thing again before we… uh… leave...
Actually… actually, wait, this isn’t the way we came in, right?
Is this… this can’t be the way we came in, right?
We must have… double backed the wrong way somehow?
Or...
Oh my God. This is the way we came in.
Alex, c’mon, that’s not possible. It’s just wall, where’s the crack we crawled through?
There’s no other-- this is *it*, Jonas, *this* is the way, if it’s not here, then where, we didn’t *miss* it.
I don’t know where it is! I have no idea!\n
Okayyy. There has to be… some kind of explanation.
We just missed… uh… a turn somehow?
Yeah. Yeah…
We’re trapped. We’re trapped!
Alex…
How the Hell are we gonna get out of here! It’s just rock, where’s the opening?!
I don’t know, but… it didn’t just disappear. We must have just missed it.
Let’s just go back the other way. We got *in*, there has to be a way out.
No. There really doesn’t.
Sure…
Let's just... ignore that.
Easier said than done.
Just don’t think… about… things.
[Sigh]
Sure thing, will do!
I really, truly hate this.
I know.
C’mon, c’mon, c’mon.
Oh my God, seriously, again?!
You’re unbelievable.
Okay, sorry, that time I stopped just to see what you’d do.
Uhh…
Hello? Anyone there?
I’ll take that as a good sign.
I won’t.
It sounds... louder?
A little.
Maybe you can *tune* them out.
Funny guy over here.
Just sayin'.
You know what, try your radio. Maybe that’s like a… frequency or something…
Could be?
Right?
Jonas, that makes absolutely no sense. If it was a frequency, we wouldn’t be able to hear it at all.
I can’t explain anything that’s going on right now, so… let’s not jump to conclusions about what makes sense and what doesn’t.
Jonas, really, now’s not the time for the radio. We’re in a cave. Underground.
And we were in a “cave” outside, too, and a bunch of weirdo stuff happened when you tuned it, right?
I’m just saying… maybe it’ll pick up whatever... that is.
Jonas, what the Hell good will that do.
Well we don’t know unless we try, right?
I know it sounds stupid, okay, you don’t think I don’t know how stupid this sounds?
But all I’m saying is… maybe it’ll pick up whatever... that is.
Anybody there?
You know what I would do if I had a radio…
Yeah, I know what you’d do, you’d use it.
You and I are so in synch.
I don’t really care what you’d do.
But, you know… I guess that’s just me…
Yes. Let's.
Let's do it, c'mon, radio time.
Alex, really. I wanna see what it's gonna do.
Are you gonna make me beg?
Please, Alex, please, let's do the tuning thins!
Ok, just... do whatever you want.
Jonas, you jerk! Why’d you do this?!
Whatever you think you can do… you can’t.
You’ve run out of time.
If you’ll allow us the word play.
Just-- will you-- just-- *stop* it, just *stop*, please!
Just-- will you-- just-- *stop* it, just *stop*, please!
I *know* you wanna be out, I know, but don’t, like, *trade* us off!
It will be a fair trade. Body for body, time for time.
*Look* around you! Things are, like, completely falling apart, it’s not just-- it’s not just about *us*, my *friends* anymore!
Don’t you care?!
Clarissa! Are you-- are you in there!
Clarissa’s… asleep, right now. Be still so as not to wake her.
You act like it’s our fault! We’re not the start of all this, we’re *nothing* in a sandstorm, a *monsoon* *you* created!
And *no*, by the way, we *don’t* care. Why should we!
They didn’t *care* about us!
They left us! They lied!
They did care! Just because they couldn’t *save* you doesn’t mean they didn’t care!
Yes, child. That’s *exactly* what it means.
Maggie cared! She left notes all over the place to-- to-- to tell people, to *expose* what happened.
*Oh*, she left “notes.” What copper.
We needed something *real* when it *mattered*.
That’s no reason, no reason *at* *all* to screw a bunch of strangers who had *nothing* to do with it.
You’re here by their very *existence*, the… fathers and mothers who built this on our graves.
You came to a tomb. You just didn’t know it.
So don’t speak to us… about “caring.”
We’re not going back, we *won’t*... go back.
Wait, stop!
Child. Wait your turn.
Clarissa!
Clarissa!
Is that it?! Is she-- is she done?
Are they, like, coming back now or something?
God, we gotta… I dunno.
No way, it can’t be, they’d-- they’re still trying, they haven’t done it yet, we can still do something.
No, there’s-- I think there’s still time left, we can still do something.
No, we haven’t been, whatever, “switched” or whatever’s going to happen, so there must still be a way to reverse this.
Okay, what’s the plan, what are we gonna do, hit me with it.
I’m getting my fifth wind.
We can’t let us be too late.
While there’s still time.
But Alex, really… we gotta-- I know we didn’t exactly have a *plan*, here, but… let’s come up with one.
We gotta go in. We gotta bring her back.
“Go in?” When somebody falls into a tar pit, you don’t-- you don’t jump in after them, you find a *branch*.
So…
I dunno about the whole “going in” idea.
And I’m not saying she’s not worth the risk, but…
We don’t know what’s on the other side.
But… I don’t mean to crap on the idea or anything but, I mean, normally you don’t jump into the ocean to save a kid, you throw them a branch of a raft or something..
What “branch?” There is no branch or rope or anything around that can-- I’m not debating this, this is what we have to do.
Maybe the radio’s the branch. You know? We tune it, uh, just so and… it pulls her right out, somehow.
There’s no time to go back and forth on this, Jonas, they said we had until dawn, and the sun’s coming up *really* soon.
Okay, you’re right.
I’m just saying, there might be a way to just… spring her out.
There might be a way to, I dunno, pop her back out or something. It’s just...
We’ll… we’ll… I dunno, Maggie said something on her-- whatever about… tuning into the “source” of it.
Whatever this is, whatever we opened has to be a part of that.
Okay, but… the gate went *blank* on us, like… all of them have been doing.
How do we-- how do we tune into something like this?
This is wrong time to go dumb, but… I kinda am. You have any ideas? Plans? Anything?
Um, well… I mean, the gate looks-- it’s what’s been happening with all of them after we mess with it, it just… goes blank.
To get Clarissa back, I can’t see how we’re not gonna have to turn this one back on…
The “gate” looks-- it’s what happens with all of them, they just… “stop”... or whatever.
We’ve never had to jump start one to “working,” so…
And I’m not saying she’s not worth the risk, but…
We don’t know what’s on the other side.
What are you thinking?
You’re the one who’s been doing this all night.
But… don’t ask me how.
What are you thinking?
You’re the one who’s been doing this all night.
So how do you think we-- we “turn on” or whatever the-- the gate.
That’s a new trick we haven’t had to do, yet.
Just, uh, try a bunch of stuff until we either get body swapped with a bunch of pissed off ghosts or… save the day.
Aye aye.
I have… no Earthly idea.
What about… non-Earthly ideas.
Nothin’? You got nothing? Alright.
None of those either.
None of those either? Okay.
Yeah, I gotta a minivan full of *Martian* ideas, why didn’t you ask.
Did we really do this? Is… the breaking down of… everything… our fault, like they said.
I don’t know, Alex. The ghosts don’t seem to be in *control* as much as… taking advantage.
Don’t wanna try this?
Crap, whoops. My mistake. Just a second.
Ugh, sorry, in a minute.
Alright, we don’t have a lot of time, but sure.
I mean, it’s doing something.
I can’t believe this is all because of… God. Whatever.
Uhhh, okay, alright, this is-- this is something. Hopefully good.
Just… hang on, Clarissa. Please.
Hopefully.
What’s-- what’s happening, why isn’t it “connecting” or whatever it does?
I don’t know!
Are you doing it right?
Still?
Try and, uh, keep it going.
Alex! Just-- whatever happens, just--
Wait… huh? This has always worked… before…
Why… isn’t this, like, connecting…?
Don’t wanna try this?
I mean, it’s doing something.
Crap, whoops. My mistake. Just a second.
Ugh, sorry, in a minute.
Alright, we don’t have a lot of time, but sure.
Was it not working?
No, I just-- I just slipped a second, sorry.
Something felt… off, weird, I dunno. Just… give me a minute.
Cause I think we should or… you know, *you* should keep at it. For now, at least.
Jonas, are you sure? We’ve never done this, or-- *it* this *way* before…
We didn’t do *a lot* of things before tonight, with time running out this is not exactly the moment to… *not* do things.
Let’s keep it up, see what happens.
Let’s keep it up, see what happens.
Let’s keep it up, see what happens.
Yeah, okay, sorry.
Just a-- just a minute, alright.
Do it again, do your thing again.
Ooof.
Jonas?! Jonas, are you-- are you here?
Is anybody-- uh, can anybody hear me? Clarissa, maybe?
Ugh, where am I? This isn’t-- God.
Hello? Is somebody there?
Uh, ghosts? Is that you?
Jonas? Are you-- are you in here somewhere? Anybody? Clarissa?
Guess not.
You’ve come to close the hole… right, girl?
Well, you’re gonna find out it’s not that simple.
The horses have already left the barn.
Yeah, I’ve come to close the hole, I’ve come to-- to do what Maggie Adler *tried* to do fifty years ago, alright?
Okay, well, it didn’t work then, why would it work now!
*Or* you could just, like, *leave*, you know, there’s still time to not be complete monsters about this and do the right thing here.
The “right thing,” oh, I’m sure it’s *very* easy for someone like you to dictate terms when you’ve never really been challenged.
Where… where am I?
Home. Your home... soon, anyway.
God. You’re so spoiled. You don’t even know the cost of things.
Closing the hole with your stupid *toy* will spare your-- your *friends* from our bloom, sure, but it will seal *you* up in *here* with *us.*
You’ll die with *us*, again and again.
So think *long* and *hard* about those *friends*.
If you can even call them that.
It’d be an alright way to go if it meant saving some people you care about.
You’re just trying to scare me, that isn’t-- that *can’t* be the only way!
Wait, really? Why-- why is that--
Look around you, dear. You’re on the wrong side of the tracks.
So. You tried to send a message… to *yourself*.
Well I’m sorry to be the bearer of bad news, sweetie, but… the Alex out there, this… hypothetical innocent creature who has yet to meet Jonas or be scared or lost…
Even if she hears it… it won’t save you.
It’s-- it’s worth a try! It’s worth *something*, the effort-- I’ll never stop *trying*, why should I!
And why should we?!
Well… I’m screwed either way, so--
Yes. You are. Very good, you’ve learned a lot.
If… I dunno, maybe she’ll hear it, maybe… maybe she’ll listen, not come here. If I can-- If I can help her… it’s enough, it’s… it’s worth it, it’ll be worth it.
It’s *not*! It’s not *worth it*!
You think we don’t know! You don’t think we’ve *tried* this, you think you thought of *one* *particle* of an idea that we haven’t already clung to!
It never does.
Do you think we wanted to be thrown away!
Like some faulty appliance!
We won’t *let it* end like that.
We *can’t*.
You don’t even comprehend why this is happening, do you?
They sent *warships* after us.
Like we were the-- the fifth column!
It’s-- it wasn’t supposed to be like that.
They didn’t know it was you!
*Nobody* knew, barely *anybody* knew, it wasn’t *just* Maggie’s fault or *their* fault, it… it was a catastrophic event.
“A catastrophic event.” You make it sound…
Fated.
Why would they do that, if-- if you were…
They didn’t *care*, child. It’s sometimes that clean.
How can I fix it, then! Just-- just tell me how to fix it, I’m here, I’m in the-- the *past* for God’s sakes, I can't *change* this somehow?
No. You can’t change… before. You can’t change anything.
There’s-- I know there was a crewman on that submarine named Francis, and-- and to you, to *all* of you, I know it was fate, okay?
Sometimes things go bad! You-- you’ll never change that!
I mean, that’s how stuff works, you said it yourself-- uh, *yourselves*-- that everything will happen again and again in the exact same way.
Not this time.
I don’t believe in fate. Things happen… and the people they happen to.
Yes, they do.
Nothing… is fated.
We can feel us… *binding*. You have maybe just a few *moments* left.
We feel terrible, we do, but-- but-- you have to know *why*-- that everyone *chose* to forget about us.
*Everyone* just… shuttered us away...
Into a back closet of their thoughts.
They *let* us fade away, it wasn’t a-- a *mistake* to scratch our names off the ledger and pretend it never happened.
It was a collective *repression*.
And this-- this hole will finally be our healing.
Maggie remembered! She wanted to help you, it was all she did was-- was try and figure out what had happened!
We’ve… watched her. In every timeline, watched her try and… understand.
Out of guilt, maybe...
They built a *monument* for you, how could you say that everyone forgot!
Oh, the *monument*, the memorial, the… *hunk* of metal. It’s a balm for their injured *pride*. That they let one of their own fall.
Wait, I have a minute left till *what*.
Until we are… complete. And you and your people will be here. And we will be out, with the… *real* again.
Wait wait wait, think about-- think about what your relatives would think, what your *families* would think. Some of them are still alive!
They would think us *survivors*, if they’d think anything at all.
There’s-- I know there was a crewman on that submarine named Calvin, and-- and to you, to *all* of you, they didn’t forget, okay!
They didn’t throw you away!
All I know is… she *cared*. She did care. About you, and the accident. And yes... what she did.
You’re a fool if you think that.
I don’t know. I won’t… presume to know, but… I’d like to think that she just wanted to know you were okay.
You’re a fool if you think that.
Anything to close the book on us, we guess.
It won’t hurt… we don’t think… the change.
But we hope the trip was worth it. Seeing the… *depraved* tourist trap they’ve built on our carcass.
It won’t hurt… we don’t think… the change.
But we hope the trip was worth it. Seeing the… *depraved* tourist trap they’ve built upon our carcass.
The island… is a sham, it’s all… baubles and-- and useless knick knacks to honor themselves.
Did you see the gift shop?
You can buy a little submarine *foot rest* if you fancy that sort of thing.
It has nothing to do with us.
Nothing at all.
Hey, Maggie lost someone, too! She lost Anna trying to *help* you, trying to-- trying to get you out, bring you back!
*Margaret* built a-- a *castle* on a hill. You think she… You think she even thought about us?
C’mon, they’re trying their best. They just wanna, like, commemorate you the only dumb ways they know how.
Yes. Commemorate us through commerce. How noble.
Hey, I hate this town more than anyone! In the summer, it’s crowded and loud and-- and crass, and yeah, it sucks, it really does!
We can assure you, you don’t hate this town more than *anyone*.
This whole little… *community* is *for* you! They built it up around Fort Milner and for the soldiers that died, it’s all about *that*.
It’s not *for* us! We’ve twisted our bodies *screeching* two *inches* for your faces for you to-- to see us!
And you never do!
Looking down on her... kingdom.
There’s-- I know there was a guy on that submarine named Henry, and-- just-- to *him*, she wanted to help you, alright?
She wanted to help *all* of you.
She obviously did. She thought about you a lot, she couldn’t even bring herself to leave, I mean… what more of a sign do you want.
Signs aren’t what we wanted, dear.
Yeah, I mean… she felt guilty. And she just… she couldn’t get rid of it.
Neither could we.
Of course not.
One last chance. You don’t have to die.
You can leave, you know, through the gate you opened.
And we keep the girl. Cla. Riss. Sa.
She’ll be happier with us.
Anyway.
So make your choice.
Quickly.
While we still have patience to try.
So, wait… if I just wanna walk out… you’ll-- you’ll let me?
But you’ll-- you’re still gonna take… Clarissa? That’s it?
“That’s it?” Do you want more? A better bargain? That’s *all* you’ll get, that’s more than we *ever* had.
What! No way, I’m not-- I’m not just going to abandon Clarissa! Who do you think I am!
Who do-- who do you think *we* are?!
Do you want the *show* then? Is that it?
Henry...
Calvin…
Francis…
Was our name… ever…
Wait. Wait. My name…
Henry?
Calvin?
Francis?
I… almost remember.
My. Name.
Please, you-- you don’t have to do this. Don’t hurt my friends, to-- to come back, it won’t… be what you want, I don’t think. Not now.
We don’t know… what we want.
What I want.
You were-- were… people, once. Don’t… lose that part of you to be… this.
It’s-- it’s…
My name.
C’mon, guys, be-- be *braver* than this, this is a-- a cowardly thing, you’re trying to do. Be better than that.
We-- we…
I. am. that.
And enough of this *useless* nostalgia! We don’t care about our-- what *was* our names, we’ll have *new* names in five minutes!
Yes. Leave.
Henry Griffin.
Calvin Gilbert.
Francis Salter.
It’s hard to remember… certain things. Our faces went a while ago. Then our names.
Names. Our names. But our anger.
Our anger... is, we’re afraid, all we have left.
It’s kind of the last stitch…
Keeping it together.
If… that’s really all you have left… then… you can always take it with you.
I think… you should leave it behind. Just… I dunno. I just don’t think you need it anymore… if you ever did.
That’s not all you have. You *know* that’s not all you have.
But maybe that’s not enough anymore.
Scrap it.
Keep your nature. We’ll keep ours.
Maggie had-- has-- will have-- this friend, and... you sort of remind us of her.
Strange girl… odd tempered…
Keep on to quality. Hold it safe.
Take care with the time you have left, child. And take notice of what you choose to--
This conversation is meaningless.
Enjoy the scenery.
It gets old after a while, believe us.
We will not see each other again.
Wait!
Alex!
To the crewman of the USS Kanaloa named Henry, I-- I-- I’m going out on a limb here, man.
I know you’re in there, I know you’re a *person*, I know you’re all *people*, c’mon, just-- please, help me, help my friends. Stop this.
To the crewman of the USS Kanaloa named Calvin, I-- I-- I’m going out on a limb here, man.
To the crewman of the USS Kanaloa named Francis, I-- I-- I’m going out on a limb here, man.
Oh. Very good. You know a good barter when you see one.
Stay good.
Wait… what are you talking about?
*Leaving* means you’ve raised the white flag, child. We’ll let you walk, with your head and everything.
And Clarissa. Stays with us.
Yeah, I’m-- I just wanna go home.
Believe us when we say… we understand completely.
We know more than most that... home is a powerful drive, Alex. You’ve made the right decision.
Goodbye, Alex. God gave us memory, the saying goes… but that is *all* He gave us.
Remember. Clarissa. As she was.
Remember your friends as they were. Because they will never be that. Ever again.
Oh! Getting started already, okay, you wanna play chicken with the *void*, fine.
Shut up! Whatever you say doesn’t matter anymore.
On the contrary, it actually matters quite a deal.
I can’t exactly *care* what happens to me, alright? If I can save everyone else, that’s more important.
You don’t know what you speak of. At all.
Oh, you don’t want this? Then get *out* of everybody and I’ll *stop*.
It’s everyone or nothing, girl. Understand your situation and accept it.
We can see how long you stay on the throttle.
Just don’t blink.
Hey, whoa, whoa, okay, I don’t know if you understand, child… closing the hole *traps* you here.
It traps us *all* here.
Your friends can go fornicate or whatever teenagers do, but not *you*, *ever*.
I’m not listening to you anymore, alright, so save it.
This isn’t idle chatter, you can-- you can accept us as your keepers or kill yourself, that’s it!
My-- my friends need my help, *Clarissa* needs my help, this is what has to happen. Whatever the consequences are for… me.
“Consequences,” hardly says it, dear!
I came here to do a job, okay? This is it, this is what I came here to do.
This so-called *job* will only expedite your end, Alex, stop before it’s too late.
Oh, okay. I see. You’re *exactly* like all the rest, you’d rather *kill* yourself than let us out.
You’re not leaving me a lot of wiggle room here. I have to do this or *everyone’s* screwed.
Only if you-- you look at it in a *vulgar* way.
You-- you’re still, like, *in* my friends! If I don’t do this, you’ll *never* leave.
Yes, but consider the circumstances!
It’s the only way since *apparently* there’s no use trying to talk you down.
*Talking’s* hollow if it’s not backed by a willingness to act, Alex. And there’s *nothing* you can do to *fix* this.
Fine.
Have it your way.
No… never-- nevermind. You don’t-- you don’t care at all. Or rather you care about the *wrong* *things*.
*Alexandra*, wake *up*. This course of action will *only* save *those* morons, *not* *yourself*.
I’m very aware of that, thanks.
You can’t talk me out of this, alright?
Don’t you understand?
This isn’t the road you wanna be on.
You’ll *never* see *anyone* *ever* again!
This is for Jonas.
*Jonas?* *Nothing’s* worth this.
This is for my friends.
Your *friends* would hardly do the same for you!
I’ve seen enough of the world, to be honest.
Only someone as *young* as you could *ever* think something like that.
You’ll be like *us*! Blind and mute!
Shattered and broken and lost to empyrean!
*Alright*, we think this *game* has gone past the point of tiresome.
If you’d have the gusto, you would’ve finished your plate by now.
Will you this time, maybe...? Maybe not.
Ah. Much better.
So we thought.
Ah. Much better.
So we thought.
Wait!
Time. Out. Alone. We are all on the same. Side.
Poor. Girl.
Joined. In always.
Malison. Youth.
It is the. Road. Of the Middled.
We all play. By. The same. Design.
Alex. Alex.
Alex, *why* are you wearing that jacket? It’s like seventy five degrees, the sun’s out, you know?
And I thought you said you were gonna go swimming anyway...
You bring a jacket, but you don’t bring a swimsuit.
Alex, *why* are you wearing that jacket? It’s like seventy five degrees, the sun’s out, you know?
And I thought you said you were gonna go swimming anyway...
You bring a jacket, but you don’t bring a swimsuit.
Alex, *why* are you wearing that jacket? It’s like seventy five degrees, the sun’s out, you know?
And I thought you said you were gonna go swimming anyway...
You bring a jacket, but you don’t bring a swimsuit.
Um… have you… I think you might have mentioned this before, but… maybe the cobwebs are clearing a bit or something, but *man* I feel like we’ve done this before.
So this might be coming out of nowhere for you, but… do you feel at all like we’re, maybe… kind of… done this before?
I… uh, this is, like, odd to say out loud… to you… but… do you at all have the feeling that we’ve done this before? Like-- like come to the island and almost die?
Oh yeah? What-- what am I gonna say now?
Nah, you’re just nuts, that’s all.
Oh. Well. Good.
We’re not, like, in a time loop right now, I don’t think, so… maybe it’s just the residual time, uh, *dirt* rolling around in your brain.
Yeah… maybe.
You know? No? Okay.
Really? [beat] What am I thinking right now...
Well. Good to know.
Yeah… I guess. Maybe. Sort of. Sure.
Okay, I’m the one behind the eight ball here, that’s okay.
Yeah, I dunno… it’s-- I’ve had like goosepimples since we got off the boat, and-- everything the ghosts have said, and… It’s almost like I can… like I know what you’re gonna say... before you say it.
I’m not-- I won’t test you. [beat] Okay I lied what am I gonna say right now.
Oh, good, perfect.
Okay, I-- I guess. Maybe.
Alright I’ll just shut up now, sorry.
I don’t know, this part feels, like, new or something!
Alright, don’t worry about it.
I don’t know, Nona, I’m not *psychic*, it’s not like I have a superpower here!
Okay, okay! I just-- you’re the one bragging about your *precognition*.
Oh God, Nona, I don’t know. “Ghosts suck?”
Actually I just realized *I* don’t even know what I was gonna say, so… maybe I would have.
I don’t know, this part feels, like, new or something!
[sigh] Okay.
Uhh, I don’t know, “I’m confused and frightened and want to go home?”
Well… that’d be more impressive if there was anything else I’d want to say. But good job.
Oh geez, Jonas, I don’t know. “Ghosts sure do suck?”
Uh, yeah, close enough.
For the record I was gonna say, “Cheese balls,” but… just as like a-- a test. Not cause I had any reason to really say it, you know, in context.
I don’t know, this part feels, like, new or something!
[sigh] Alright.
I don’t know, Ren, I’m not *psychic*, it’s not like I have a superpower here!
I didn’t say you had a “superpower,” I just thought cause you said, you know… just forget it.
Oh God, Ren, I don’t know. “Ghosts suck?”
[surprised] Oh, hey, yeah! You’re good at this.
Just so you know, I was thinking, “Ghosts suck.” [quietly] Ghosts suck.
And not *just* like this little part.
But, like… the whole night.
Like… literally what we’re doing right now?
Dealing with-- with ghosts and time distortions and stuff?
I mean… like, I know we haven’t, but...
It just feels kind of like we have… in a weird, drunk, can’t-remember-sort-of way.
Huh? I brought the jacket because I like the jacket, and I never said I wanted to go swimming.
You just *inferred* it because I asked when the community pool opens.
I “inferred“ it?
It’s *cold*, that’s why, the sun is… kinda out, but when you’re in the shade it drops to like fifty.
No it doesn’t!
Didn’t you say you wanted to go swimming? Maybe you didn’t. Am I being stupid right now?
The sun is not out, the sun is… I guess it *barely* came out *just* now, but-- see, this is when I get punished for watching the weatherman, he said it was gonna be like overcast.
He said there was a *chance* for *clouds*.
Didn’t you say you wanted to go swimming? Maybe you didn’t. Am I being stupid right now?
Hey, Michael, we… didn’t bring drinks...
Did we?
I thought we said we’d bring drinks.
But… Mikey… you don’t have like ten sodas in your pocket or something?
I’m not harping on this, I just wanna know what if I should run back to town.
Wait, Michael!?
Uh… yeah?
What is it?
Did I almost… step on a crab or something?
Alex, you, uh, you yelled my name two seconds ago?
What is it?
You’re dead!
I’m dead. I’m dead?
I think she’s talking about the--
*Oh*, the- the car? No, they don’t-- listen, Mom and Dad know, they don’t care.
Did I almost… step on a crab or something?
Well, I mean, they cared a little.
But, they know I can fix a broken taillight.
You were talking about the car, right? When you said I was dead?
Cause really, don’t worry about it, Dad knows.
He knows I’ll just fix whatever I break.
Why-- how-- *why* am I here?!
What, you don’t wanna hang out at the beach?
There’s stuff in town, but it’s all boring knick knack shops or whatever.
No, c’mon Alex, relax, we just got here.
So, anyways, you don’t wanna go to the beach…
Or…
Just we kinda just got here.
Where’s-- where’s Jonas?
Jonas? Who’s Jonas?
Is someone else coming?
Yeah, is that a friend of yours?
But anyways, who’s Jonas?
Yeah.
I don’t think I’ve heard that name in your friend stable.
You wanna know who Jonas is? He’s my new *stepbrother*, okay!
Do you-- do you get what’s happening now?
Alright, can you just like call a new friend your best friend for my sake. “Step brother’s” kinda encroaching on my territory, there.
Yeah, it’s like when my mom calls her *cat* her “special little lady.” It’s like I’m standing right here.
He’s just-- he’s just a friend, but he was--
Well, I mean if he’s here there’s only two places he could be-- the beach or the town.
Yeah, it’s a small island, I’m sure you’ll run into him.
Uh, just-- nevermind, I guess.
Okay, Clarissa, take a note-- remind me to check the yearbook for a “Jonas” so I can make fun of Alex’s secret boyfriend.
Noted.
Am I-- did I get stuck in time or something?
No, I *know*, the day’s going by like crazy fast, right?
I feel like we were practically *just* accosted by those soccer players.
“Eyyy, It’s called ‘football’!“
But yeah, the afternoon’s flown by, right?
It’s like already two.
Are you-- are you… one of those-- one of them… are you one of the ghosts?
Am I what? I feel like this is the start of A Christmas Carol.
Is this because you keep having those dreams?
You’d be the Ghost of Christmas Cuteness.
Oh my *God*, you're *awful*.
We have to break up, that’s it, find your own way home.
Cause I had a *crazy* dream about--
Melanie Pfizer.
*Oh c’mon!*
But anyways back to me being a, uh, a *ghost.* Did you dream something last night?
Cause I had a *crazy* dream about--
Melanie Pfizer.
*Oh c’mon!*
No, Michael, like… you are *really* *genuinely* dead, you died.
Okay. I see. This… is because… you smoked up with Ren before you came out here, I knew it, I *so* knew it, I cannot believe you didn’t share with me.
No, no, you-- you-- you *drowned*, in-- in Horn Lake, back at home!
Yeah, and last week I died in the fire, right, you keep having these nightmares cause you eat Mom’s cookies like *right* before bed. And anyways I'm gonna teach you how to swim at the pool in the park so don't worry about it.
No, no no no no, just listen to me… you *will* drown. Not here, but at Horn Lake. Back at home.
You seem *really* confident. She seems confident, I’m a little nervous.
I would be.
*Relax*, Alex, I’m gonna teach you how to swim at the pool in the park, don’t worry about it.
Wouldn’t be the first time…
You and your snide comments.
No, I mean in-- in this, like, time period?
Oh geez, you’re hitting the existential nostalgia depression trip already?
*I* get it, Alex, I woulda been happier in the seventies.
The *seventies!* That’s like the *worst* time!
No, why-- *why* am I here, right now, with *you*?
Cause you said, “I studied enough for my French test, I wanna go to the beach.”
Which I thought was very unlike you, by the way.
You made the right choice, Alex.
No, I mean-- I mean, why are *you* here?
Why? Wait, am I supposed to be doing something right now?
You gotta get your dad--
I gotta get Dad nightcrawlers from the shop, yeah, but we’re gonna do that on our way back.
Today turned out to be… a flawless day, it really did.
Yeah, no it did, it really did.
I wanted to bring a kite, but thought you’d laugh at me.
And you were-- wait, weren’t you gonna bring a kite?
I was *gonna* but I thought you’d laugh at me!
But seriously this is like *just* the right temperature.
This is… really quite insane, what’s happening right now, I’m just sorry that apparently nobody realizes how insane this is.
I know, right? Nobody really appreciates it when conditions are *this good*.
No, it is *perfect* ice cream *and* tennis weather, that is *rare*.
Uh…. yeah. Uh, it… really is kinda ideal, actually.
Yeah, I’m like *right* about to start sweating. But I’m not.
No, it is *perfect* ice cream *and* tennis weather, that is *rare*.
Clarissa, doesn’t this-- Don’t you remember, we’re all on the island, *Nona’s* there--
I love Nona like a three legged puppy but she would shrivel up and die in this sun.
Oh yeah?
Yeah, she’s better off at home, trust me.
Why would I laugh at you?
You’re laughing right now!
Not because of-- Oh my God, forget it.
We didn’t bring drinks. *You* didn’t bring drinks.
Oh. Poo.
It’s been a spell since we did something, right? I feel like I haven’t talked to you in a while, how have you been?
What’s been going on, how’s classes… How's...
What’s his face, Mr. Collins’ English?
Uhhh, it’s been-- I dunno, it’s been--
Uhhh, it’s been-- I dunno, it’s been-
Truthfully, I’ve... I’ve--
Ahh! Sorry! I think-- yeah, I-- I accidentally left my phone on the ferry, cause I do things like that.
Oh God, you idiot, go get it before it leaves!
When I get back I wanna hear an Alex story!
[laughing a little]
I don’t… have any, I don’t think.
I don’t believe you!
Okay! I guess!
Can’t I just come with you?
I’ll take two seconds! Think of something to tell me!
So…
[awkward laughter]
If I were to ask you… if you were, uh, “Past Clarissa,”... that wouldn’t make any sense to you, right?
“Past Clarissa,” like… like am I past the name, “Clarissa,” or…
I guess I don’t understand.
No, I mean, like-- like there’s a past, and a--
And a future, okay, a “Future Clarissa.” Um… you’re right, it doesn’t make any sense.
Oh, forget it, it’s alright.
Okay.
Sorry.
Are you, like… faking it, or… pretending or something?
“Pretending?” Uh, no, I mean… I meant when I said that this is-- this is a great day, I’m having a good time.
Do you… I guess you don’t remember anything, right?
What am I meant to remember?
I’m sorry, did I forget something?
I’m bad with… dates.
Our whole, like, island horror show? Ghosts and possessions and-- and-- and none of this is jarring like anything loose?
If… if this is about Ren’s movie, I mean… I told him I didn’t wanna do it. Half the script was an underwear scene, so… you know, no thanks.
Sorry.
Um, I’m glad we could all do stuff today. I’m glad you were cool with it, I mean.
I know you guys are really close, and… like, I know it can be annoying when somebody starts keeping all their time for their *girlfriend* or whatever…
So, I think it would be cool if we could, like, continue to do things together…
All of us.
Yeah, I, uh, I totally understand. And yeah, let’s, uh… do stuff. You know.
Cool, cool.
Clarissa, no, it’s-- this is different, he’s my brother, I’ve known him since I was *born*, he’s not just a friend I’m losing.
Yeah, I get that, I get that, and… I’m-- I’m sorry, if you feel like… you’re “losing” him, cause you’re not.
It doesn’t matter, Clarissa, do what you want.
No, it *does* matter, it does matter, I want you to feel good about the situation, you know? I-- I want this to be… good.
Michael, uh, he loves you, like, a *lot*. I’m sure you know that, but… he talks about you all the time.
“Oh, Alex did this, and…”
“Alex let the frogs out in science class, isn’t she hilarious.”
He just, uh… he thinks you’re a cool girl.
So.
Yeah, well… I love him, too.
Thanks for, uh, for telling me.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, I know already.
I just thought you should know...
Had to fight the skipper for it, but… he didn’t reckon how many squats I can do.
What’s it up to? Six?
Only on burrito days.
On non-burrito days, it’s like eight.
Oh Jesus, thank God you’re back. It’s like an eternity sitting here with this one.
Thanks a lot!
No, I know what she’s talking about.
Hey!
I’m interesting, I’m entertaining.
I’d *crush* a debutante’s ball or whatever.
Sure.
See? Even he can’t keep it locked up.
Okay, alright, I was joking, don’t salt the earth, now.
*Thank* you!
Actually, Clarissa and I had a nice chat while you were away. Kinda sorry to see you back so soon, to be honest.
Oh really? I’m sure Alex sold you on how I lock her in the basement and treat her like a shaved monkey.
The version I heard was you trap her in the greenhouse.
Yeah, well, it changes month to month.
We talked ex-girlfriends, mostly.
Well now I know that’s not possible because I don’t call them-- actually, I’m just gonna stop with that joke cause if I keep going I’d be due for a little punishment.
Yeah, I’m sure.
No, it was perfectly fine. Perfectly… amicable.
Amiable.
It means the same thing!
Alright! Sorry!
So, apparently, you love me. Is that right?
Well, if I don’t, I don’t know why I got you that skateboard for your birthday.
You skate?
Not yet.
Yeah, and the no helmet part kinda sends a message, right?
I’m not one for subtlety.
Oh my God, I forgot about that thing.
How could you already forget, I gave it to you like two months ago.
I’m sure it’ll get a lot of use.
So… I actually really want a cold… something, so I’m gonna run into town and get like a soda.
Anybody want anything?
Ummm.
No, I’m good.
No, thanks.
Uh, yeah, get me a drink, too.
Sure.
I’ll be back.
Okay, I’m here, what’s the story, I want the news, I want the Alex first edition.
What’s going on.
I’ve… missed you… man. I’ve… I’ve just missed you a lot, that’s all.
Hey. C’mon, I’ve missed you, too.
And I know I’ve been hanging out with… the “Princess,” but… it’s a two way thing, you can knock on my door, we live in the same house.
We got to bring back movie nights.
And board game night.
All the nights.
No, Michael, I can’t. You’re… You’re not there.
Well… *sometimes* I’m there.
Things are… *bad*, actually. Mom and Dad aren’t great, I’m like a hair trigger away from spinning off this planet, and--
Hey, hey, look-- first of all, Mom and Dad are… Mom and Dad.
They fight alot, but they’re whatever, everything always blows over.
It’s gonna be fine.
You’re too young-- *we’re* too young to worry about “marital discord.”
Let them worry about *us*.
It’s *not* gonna be fine, it’s not gonna be fine, I-- I know how this goes. I have… *insider information*, let’s just call it… okay?
Look, just because *Janie’s* parents got a divorce and made *poker night* super uncomfortable doesn’t mean *ours* have to, too, alright?
Yeah.. uh… sure.
I’m… doing alright.
...Yeah?
Yeah.
I guess, I dunno.
Okay, maybe you’ll tell me what it is later.
And look, I know this was supposed be *our* day, but I completely forgot I’d promised Clarissa I’d do something with her, so… thanks for chaperoning.
I know it’s not what you had in mind, so....
But I owe you.
Yeah, no problem. Just don’t get all smoochy smooch while I’m in the general vicinity.
Because that would ever happen!
Just… don’t let it happen again. If we’re hanging out, *we’re* hanging out, I don’t need the pep squad trailing us.
Hey, she’s a little more to me than the “pep squad,” okay? She’s a cool girl, you just have to know her a little better.
What do you see in her? Really.
You wanna know?
Okay, here’s-- okay, Tuesday night she dragged me to a comedy club for open mic, shoved me on stage, and then proceeded to curse out the entire bar when they didn’t laugh at my horrible jokes.
And that was a *Tuesday.*
So… that’s what I see in her.
Yeah, I- I’m sorry, I just don’t get it.
That sounds *awful*, like I think I’ve had *stress dreams* more relaxing than that.
I guess you had to be there, then.
Okay, alright, that sounds fun in a-- a movie montage sort of way, I guess.
It’s important to me that you like Clarissa, Alex.
So tell me the truth… what do you really think of her.
You want my *unvarnished* truth? I think you should dump her.
Really? Why’s that.
Why that’s? Because I think she’s mean. Cause I think she’s a bully, because she likes to get her way, cause… I guess that’s it.
Well. You see her more than I do. She’s in your class.
You can just do better, that’s all. I mean, whatever happened to Angie? Or, uh, or Kristin?
Angie moved, and… I just stopped calling Kristin. But… okay.
I just… I just don’t like her. You just-- you know how you get a feeling about someone? I just have it about her… in a bad way.
Well. You see her more than I do. She’s in your class.
Alright, well… I’m sorry you, uh, you feel that way.
Stick with it. Stay with her.
If she makes you happy, if she makes you laugh…. who am I to say anything otherwise.
Thank you! Good blessings, good tidings.
Oh God, do what you want, man. Don’t ask me for advice.
Okay. I’m taking that as endorsement, just so you know.
Alright, I get it.
You know… I never noticed, that’s a good looking jacket. I should ask for it back.
No way, bucko.
“Bucko.” You haven’t called me that in years.
You know what, bucko? I need it more than you.
“Bucko.” You haven’t called me that in years.
Oh whatever. It looks better on you, anyway.
Glad you got it back, regardless.
I don’t like my new one.
Feels like I got shoes on my arms or something.
We got to bring back movie nights.
And board game night.
All the nights.
Yeah.. uh… sure.
Sorry.
Oh, this is kinda-- my sister came out a few weeks ago-- she was trying to do the radio rocks thing or whatever…
And she said she thought she heard *you* on the station...
Wait, huh? Your sister heard *me* on the radio?
Yeah.
Clarissa, that’s-- that’s not possible. I’ve never--
No, seriously!
She heard me? What was I, like, saying?
Do you know what that could have been?
Or was she-- did she just mishear…
She told me you were saying… oh, what was it…
It was like, “This is, uh, Cave FM, ‘No. 1 for Cave… songs,” or something?
It was something like, “Hey, Ren? Nona? Can you guys hear me? It’s Alex…” [laughs a little]
It was something like, “This is a test of the Beach Cave Emergency System…” [laughs a little]
You were with somebody else, and you guys were like, “This is Jonas and Alex talking into a weird, uh, cave machine?”
It was like, “Hey, if you’re out there, we got stranded on Edwards Island…”
It was like, “Hello, is anybody out there? We missed the last ferry off the island…”
It was like, “Hey, people who are hopefully listening to this, I need a connection to emergency services?”
And then you said...
You were saying something like, “Hey, Alex, can you hear me?” You were like talking to yourself.
You were saying something like, “To Jonas or… to anyone listening, we’re trapped something?”
She said you were talking to *me*, first off. It was like, “Clarissa… are you still in the base? We’re in the Comm Room,” or something.
So, like, did Carly let you sub on the school radio show or something as like a joke?
Cause otherwise that’s super creepy, right?
So… I appreciate the initiation.
Good one.
Oh my God, it worked! I mean, kind of! It kind of worked!
So it was like a prank then, okay, that-- I mean, I knew it had to be something.
Clarissa, I was-- I still *am* trying to get off this island! It’s-- this isn’t *real*, I was using a radio thingy to try and get help!
Okay, this is-- Michael warned me about you, that you’re always playing, like, *games*.
Okay, so-- wait, if she heard it *now*, then… that means I can send messages… back? Sort of?
Uh, well I mean, the only surprise here is I thought radios didn’t work really once you pass the breakwater…
I mean, I didn’t even know radios worked by the time you docked, you know?
It’s not a-- It’s not a prank, I know you’re not gonna believe me, but this is, like, this might be our way out somehow.
[laughing a little] Okay.
Yeah, whatever, sure, tell your sister she “Got done goofed,” or whatever you think my pranking catch phrase should be.
Anyways, I just thought it was… I just saw you and remembered, so.
But, um...
Hey, is this is like a part of the base? So far out on the beach?
I… honestly don’t know what that is. But remember you can pull out your little radio and tune to that tour station if you want.
Oh, remember hearing about that beach where all the horse bones would wash ashore because, uh.. they were… it was, like, uh, downwind from a rendering plant?
[laughs]
[laughs]
[laughs]
Alex, don’t you want to get to the fire, c’mon.
Come on, Alex, it’s this way.
Alex? Are you okay?
I'm... fine. God.
You sure?
Yeah.
I... *think* so. I don't know. God.
Do I look alright?
You look... alive. I guess.
Ugh. What happened?
That is a... very... good question.
You alright?
I thought you were dead for a minute...
Not... really.
I'm... as sure as I think I'm gonna be.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I think.
Jonas, what-- you think I somehow teleported us here?
If I could do one-tenth of what happened back there I wouldn't haze the new kid, I'd rob a bank.
Maybe that's your Wednesday.
Christ, I'm as freaked out as you are, Jonas, alright? I have a splitting headache and like... I feel my fingernails are gonna shoot out of my hands.
Mine too.
Jonas, believe me, I wouldn't do that to you. I'm not that cruel.
Well, for now, that remains to be seen.
I guess the fact you're in shock is a point against “prank.“
Where's everyone else? Ren, Clarissa...
I don't know, this isn't... it's not like any of this has ever happened before...
...at least not to me, I... don't even know what this is.
I don't know. They're not at the beach, you can see it from here.
Look, I know you planned to stay the night, but... my fun quota pretty much just maxed out, so... can we just figure out how to get home?
I don't want to be the party pooper here.
But the party just kinda... pooped itself.
No, I'm... way ahead of you. There's got to be some kind of emergency station or way to get out without taking the ferry.
We can't leave without my friends, okay?
Your-- Ren, sure, but does that list really include Clarissa?
Yes, Jonas. Clarissa is my friend, too.
Okay, okay.
We can't leave anybody behind, they're here somewhere, this is not-- this is not a thing.
Well... maybe not Clarissa... but the rest we have to round up first!
Never mind, I sound like an asshole.
I dunno. This is kind of exciting... right?
We don't know how dangerous... Actually I'm sure it is dangerous, we just don't know how much.
Yeah, we don't know what's going on, but it's like weird and crazy and--and magic, so-- I mean, don't you wanna--?
No, I don't, whatever you're gonna say, unless it's “leave“, I don't “wanna“ at all.
Oh c'mon, are you scared, is that it? Ya scared?
Yeah, I'm scared so far as I don't want to get hurt or killed and I don't want my new sister to get hurt or killed either.
Let's live to regret this, okay?
Alright, I guess. If you wanna play it safe. Never play on railroad tracks, right?
I've had my fill. Let's just leave.
You can come back on your own time, for now let's vamoose.
Yeah... Probably.
Any equipment it'll have will be like eighty years old. I don't know if I'd trust that.
Even if it doesn't work, maybe we can get reception on our phones or something.
I think we should at least try.
Okay, fine, but you are such a wet blanket.
And you sound like my grandmother, so--
And I'm sure you keep her from having fun, too.
We need to find the others before we try to ring a rescue whale or whatever we're gonna do...
And it'll be faster to look for them from the tower than, you know... traipsing off blindly into the woods.
Let's just get to the Comm thing.
I can see it from here.
The Comm thing's this way.
Look, Alex, is this a goof or something?
Just... what is going on?
Let's just find a way to get home, okay?
So, are you really friends with Clarissa?
I know you think this stuff is fun or whatever, but... I'm sorry, we really don't know what's going on.
Now, that comm tower has to have a radio or something.
Look, I'm just gonna cut to the whatever... like, I don't know exactly what happened back there.
But the sign says *that's* an old Communications Tower, and--I don't know about you--but I wanna climb that ladder, call somebody and get the Hell back home as fast as possible.
Let's just use the tower and try to phone somebody.
I'm not saying *leave* her, but...
I just wanna get this whole *escape* thing moving.
“Exciting?“ Alex, we don't--to think something's exciting you kinda have to know what that something *is* first!
And we just got crapped out of the laser light show from Hell, so...
I'm not sure this qualifies as, like, something good.
Okay, fine, but you are *such* a wet blanket.
And you sound like my grandmother, so... you're well on your way to being a lousy drunk who can't hear very well.
[“chicken“ sounds... kind of]
That's more of a rooster but I get it, I'm a chicken, thanks.
Oh, and not for nothing, I'm fine with a little depantsing or whatever if the weather's right for it but if this is some sort of *prank* or *trick*...
I'm really *really* not in the mood.
So... if it is, the time to come clean is now, I think.
Okay, well... I hope so.
Just cross your fingers the Comm Tower has a working walkie talkie or something.
Wait, Jonas, seriously, like... what just happened? My radio, I guess, *opened* something, and that something did, uh, something... else?
And that something was really friggin' scary and horrible so--let's just skip to the part we get off the island and start suppressing it in therapy.
I--I have no idea. I don't know if they even know that anything happened.
You know, any equipment in the Comm Tower will likely be like eighty years old. I don't know if I'd trust that.
But it's right here and I wanna try it.
I don’t-- I don’t know how we got here, I don’t-- [sigh] I heard the thing right, right? That voice or whatever saying, “Other you... “
Right?
What does that even mean?
Ugh, yeah, um, maybe-- maybe it means there’s, like, other, substitute versions of us or something?
I mean I’m probably nuts but it sounded almost like… like they were saying someone before had tried-- tried talking to themselves… to-- to change things…
The only thing I can think that means is like… parallel worlds, parallel times, alternate… somethings, I don’t know.
Um, like-- like a past, present, “We haven’t taken the boat yet,” orrrr… “I’m still in pigtails,” version of us or something.
Like… there’s another us out there somewhere? Or… [sigh] I don’t know, I don’t know what to even say right now.
Let's try and find a phone or something.
Ahh!
Ahh! Jesus.
Well... uh...Are you going to answer it or what?
Well... uh...Are you going to answer it or what?
Hello?
Alex?
Ren?
Uh, Communications Tower?
Oh man, whoever you are, we really need your help over here.
Is anyone there?
Hey, who is that?
Jonas? Is Alex with you?
Yes, she's just not talking for whatever reason.
Oh Jesus hoppin' Christ, thank Vishnu, I-- you guys went into that hole, a bunch of--*stuff* I have no idea what happened and I just woke up like fifteen minutes ago.
Hey, did you know that it's named after some guy named Dick Harden!
[laughter]
[stifles laughter]
It's still funny.
Really?
Yeah, it's great!
Ren, just-- where are you?
No, I don't know.
Ren, just-- are you okay?
Ren, just-- it's been a rough night, you know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no, I'm-- I know, I'm sorry, it's just that one's like lightning in a thimble.
So, you know... that's a freebie.
How'd you get this number?
It's--it's a code, written on this... *list* here. But it's not a normal phone, I can't call out, I'm at, uh, the Way Station or whatever in the woods.
Which way station? Where is it?
It's probably the light you saw through the viewfinder.
Do you know where Clarissa and Nona are? Are they with you?
Nooooo I have no clue where they got off to.
Just come here... alright? Meet us here.
Yeah, I don't even really know... like... how to get there?
What do you mean, it's the giant tower? I thought you could see it?
The switcher?
So have we! Okay? This hasn't been a real picnic for anybody!
Why--*how* did you get all the way out there? Did you just take off sprinting when I went after Jonas?
Just relax. It's gonna be fine. Jonas and I are on top of it, we're getting out of here, alright?
Ren, just--
Ren? Rennn? Hello?
Either he dropped the phone in the toilet or we just lost the line.
Ren, look, just--
Ren? Hey, Ren?
Of course.
We should go get him.
Yeah... poor little guy's probably pullin' out his hair and making a nest.
All the more reason to hurry along.
Well, wait a minute, I mean... maybe he'll come here? Isn’t that like the first thing they teach when you’re trying to find somebody?“Don’t leave?
Ugh, I mean *who* eats *three* brownies?
Couldn't he have just huffed a paintcan like a normal person?
Ugh.
There's the spirit!
Fine. We'll go and get him.
Where-- where is he, again?
Alright, well, let's get him then. I know basically where to go.
He said he was at a way station, and... there's only like one of those in the woods.
Great, let's go.
Isn’t that like the first thing they teach when you’re trying to find somebody? “Don’t leave?
Bottle.
Before he, I dunno...
Gets lost, er...
Did you hear him? He's not going anywhere. He barely knows where he is.
He didn't sound like he was on his way here.
So c'mon, I don't wanna miss the chance to grab him.
Oh, whatever happened to “I can't leave without my friends?“
Oh c'mon, so the guy's freakin' out a little... it's our solid duty to go and help the bugger out.
“Not For Ourselves Alone,“ right?
The military bond?
A way station. That's what he said, anyway.
Alex? Is that you?
Yeah, it's me.
I--I saw the light on in the, uh, the uh, the *tower* thing.
Ren, how are you calling us? Phones don't work here.
Uh huh, look, can you just--
It's been like--like just the worst thing ever, just Def Con Fuscia level terrible since you went into the cave.
Like *worse* than Kendall's basement horrible, and--
No, like I said, I must've like passed out or... I don't know how I ended up here!
Ren, just calm down, okay? Breathe in through your mouth and out through your nose.
It's the other way around!
Ren, are you alright? Like… physically, alright, cause I know *mentally* you’re probably--
No, I’m not alright! I mean, do I *sound* alright or do I sound *not* alright? I probably sound not alright, right?
Wait, that's--I think it's another line.
Maybe it's like a night watchman or something or they do, like, check-ins maybe?
What's that sound? Is there a cat crying in there?
Ren, just--wait a sec.
Wait, Ren, someone’s calling on the other line. Just hold on a minute, I’m gonna see who it is.
Okay, but make it quick, seriously.
Ren, it’s just the other line, but… whatever, they can wait, this is more important.
Yeah, of *course* this is more important, I don’t-- like, Dick Harden’s one thing but I’m kinda super freakin’ freaked out right now.
It’s-- Ren, it was just the other line, but-- I don’t know, I guess we’re not answering it.
Like-- Dick Harden's one thing, but I'm kinda super freakin' freaked out right now.
Like, this is not a drill, this is real world.
I just wanna get back with you guys.
And I’m not doing well, I’m really not. Things are kinda going psycho all over.
Alright, look, just hang tight. We’re coming to get you, okay?
Good. Great. I’m by the little bridge? Where they tore up all the train tracks and it’s just, uh, *brush* or... you know.
Do you know where Nona is?
No, no clue.
Do you know where Clarissa and Nona are? Are they with you?
Nooooo I have no clue where they got off to
Ren, it’s the *giant tower* you’re apparently *looking* at right now. Just start walking.
What do you mean?
Is that the phone again? Don’t click over!
Clarissa might need something...
It’s Clarissa on the other end? Where’s she at?
That *has* to be somebody, like a guard or something.
Hold on Ren, Clarissa’s flipping out about something.
But *I’m* flipping out about something!
Hold on, Ren, they keep calling, so, it might be like a thing.
No c'mon, just--
She can wait a *second*, it’s fine.
Whoever it is can wait, it’s fine.
Look, Alex, just-- whatever you do, this is vitally important now, heed the words, heed these words, just whatever you do, don’t--
And it dies, ladies and gentlemen.
It’s like the world is conspiring against us, I swear to God.
Clarissa, you still there?
She hung up, too. Of course.
Maybe the other caller…?
Hello?
They hung up, too. Of course.
Either he dropped the phone in the toilet or we just lost the line.
You told Clarissa we’re coming, so…. wanna truck over to Milner first? See about that radio?
I mean, Clarissa can be a handful, but...
Gotta take the bitter with the sweet.
Yeah, if we can connect to the mainland and get somebody over here, we should… do it as soon as we can.
My thoughts exactly.
Ren sounded kinda… more out of sorts than usual, though. I don’t know.
I *also* told, Ren, though, so… I don’t know, I don’t wanna leave the little guy hanging.
I know we were gonna go save Ren from his, uh, night terrors or whatever, but... if Clarissa's found an even semi-working line to the real world…
*Maybe* that's more important right now?
Before stuff gets, uh, worse?
Just a thought…?
So anyways it sounds like Clarissa has a way to *talk* to the mainland, so we should maybe go there first?
I'm *sure* she can handle flipping the switch to “Talk“ herself.
Maybe... I mean, if we could get it to work...
Listen, you said she was your friend, and all I'm saying is she has a radio...
Listen, I know you said that you didn't like her but--
I never said I didn't like her, I said I'd be fine with her being stranded on this island forever, there’s a difference.
Yeah, but you're missing that I *hate* Clarissa and everything that little wench stands for.
And what does she stand for?
Being, like, *super* annoying, like... you wanna smack her in the *face* annoying.
But she has a *radio*.
Erghghgh.
Hating me... for starters. And loathing me, for seconders.
Little Miss Homecoming Queen thinks what everyone in this freakin' *town* thinks and that's... “Blah blah blah... I'm a dumb dumb.“
Super. Nothing.
Look, I'm gonna leave it to you.
We can swing through the forest and nab Ren *or* we can go to the fort and see what Clarissa's up to...
They're your people.
You can decide.
I know Ren’s scared, but Clarissa’s walkie-talkie might be more important... You pick where you want to go.
Soooo Ren or Clarissa? Seriously.
Well I guess you'll just surprise me. Lead on.
Ren needs us more. And he'd kill me if he knew we went to see *Clarissa* first.
Sound logic.
Clarissa has a walkie talkie, so... Ren can just sweat it out for an hour.
We should go get him.
Before he, I dunno...
Gets lost...er.
Yeah... poor little guy's probably pullin' out his hair and making a nest.
Well all the more reason to hurry along.
Well, wait a minute, I mean... maybe he'll come here?
Isn’t that like the first thing they teach when you’re trying to find somebody? “Don’t leave?”
Did you hear him? He’s not going anywhere. He barely knows where he is.
He didn't *sound* like he was on his way here.
Ugh, *why* would you eat a whole pot brownie! Of all the nights!
Couldn't he have just huffed a paint can like a normal person?
Oh, whatever happened to “I can't leave without my friends?“
Oh c'mon, so the guy's freakin' out a little... it's our solid duty to go and help the bugger out.
“Not For Ourselves Alone,“ right?
The military bond?
*Ugh*.
*There's* the spirit!
*Fine*. We'll go and get him.
Hello?
Oh Jesus Christ, Alex?! *Why* are you answering an-- this-- it says it’s an *emergency* line, where are you right now?
Clarissa?
And Jonas is with you. Of course he is.
I’m in the Comm Tower, Clarissa, where are you?
I… I don’t know. I’m somewhere in Ft. Milner, I don’t know why, I-- I don’t remember like the last *hour*.
Okay, look, Clarissa, Ren’s on the other line and sounding like he’s about a stubbed toe away from a total collapse so if you’re at least holding it together then--
Wait wait wait I-- I’m at Ft. Milner and I can’t-- I don’t remember like the last *hour* and it’s, like, really scaring the crap out of me.
Okay, if you’re gonna yell at me, *goodbye* Clarissa.
Oh, really? Fine, I’m at Fort Milner with a working intercom if you *care*, *God*, *goodbye* Alex.
Rough night, huh?
*Yeah*, rough night, it’s-- Look, I’m at Ft. Milner and I don’t know *why*, it’s like I’m… blackout drunk or something, but…
Ren?
Just pick me up, okay, just come and pick me up. I’m really… not great.
Oh, you’re in the *middle* of something, *pardon me*. I just came to in the bunghole an abandoned military base and I can’t remember the last hour of my life, that’s all.
Clarissa, are you okay? Where are you?
I’m-- I don’t know the answer to either of those questions, really. I ended up in Ft. Milner, I don’t know, I can’t remember anything, so-- I’m kinda in a mood.
Ren, are you still there?
Yeah, still here.
I’m trying to call somebody but… I’m in a room with radio stuff that can-- it says it can contact Camena but I don’t-- I have no idea how to make it work.
Can you just come over here and figure this out with me?
I don’t care if you guys wanna stay, I just wanna get out of here.
Yeah… sure, we’ll be over there in a minute.
Okay, just… hurry, okay. There’s like… I dunno. I’m hearing stuff outside.
No, just-- come here, instead. Fort Milner’s all the way on the other side of the island.
Yeah, I *know* it is, *Alex*, but *why* would I go to the Comm Tower when there’s a working radio that we can use to get help, *here*.
Look, Clarissa, just-- you have a radio, work it out for yourself, Ren needs my help.
Wait. Alex--
*Nobody* wants to stay, Clarissa, but… you know that the radio works?
Yeah, how the hell do you think I called you guys? I just can’t-- there’s like a *way* or something to connect outside but I’m not good with this stuff.
Fort Milner looked *huge* on the map, do you know where--
Yeah, I guess that’d be too easy.
I guess we… lost the connection, somehow?
Yeah, that or the triangle beings we let in from space are eating her soul right now.
Fifty fifty really.
Please don’t talk like that while I still have a lingering shred of composure.
Alright.
I’m not that lucky.
But really, we should go get him. Like now.
Wanna truck over to Milner first, see about that radio?
I can see the cave... but not Ren or anybody.
What do you think happened to them?
You know them better than me.
Probably the same thing as us. Transmogrified or whatever to some other part of the island.
Great.
Probably heard all the noise and ran off instead of trying to come help us.
They're just being lame. I can hear Ren now. “Let's go to the Fort and throw rocks at walls!“
Well... I'm sure they're alright, anyway.
It's a nice view.
Of what?
A really, really, crappy town.
Camena doesn’t seem all that bad.
Wait till you’ve lived here sixteen years… then say that again.
Camena. Home.
We’ll get back there.
Yeah.
The water, I guess.
Alright…
Yeah, no, nobody’s there…
This says it's called the “Harden Tower.“
Great! Who cares right now!
Harden must've been some guy.
Good guess.
What is it?
I’ve always seen this statue from my house, and... never been this close to it, that’s all.
I guess it’s for the sentries they stationed here during the war.
It says that it was named Harden Tower because the longest... wait, the “longest-tenured radioman“ -- that's a weird way to say it -- was Major Dick Harden.
Wait wait wait, the guy's name was Major *Dick Harden*?
[light laughter]
Oh, Dick Harden.
Grow up.
Oh c'mon, you know that's amazing. Dick Harden! And they named a *tower* after him!
It's alright, it's a soaker, you'll get it later.
Yeah, it almost makes the whole trip worth it, doesn't it.
Eh, I wouldn't go that far.
It's locked.
Let me try.
What exactly can you do except *jiggle* it more.
Oh you'll see.
What's the expression? “Skills of a misspent youth.“
That's not an expression.
It's *locked*, Jonas, I'm not playing here.
No, I know. Just... gimme a second.
Oh after you.
Oh why thank you.
Lil' help?
Just... have a little faith.
What are you even doing?
Told you. *Locked*.
I guess we could've tried the window...
Nah, this way I got to show off, so... win-win.
Egh-hem!
Well if you wanna do things the *easy* way, sure.
The cleaning guy should probably lock this before he leaves...
His stupidity is our gain!
There's a dial tone, but... there's a note here....
“Does not call out. Please dial Station Code for service.“
There wouldn't happen to be a code there would there.
Nope.
You know...
Normally.
“Warning: Do not use aboard ship. Unsafe radiation limits.“
You know... I'd normally find this stuff kind of interesting, really.
This old timey stuff. Under different circumstances... I'd actually be having a very good time.
Thanks. I guess.
You don't have to make me feel better about getting you trapped on Horror Island.
No, I'm serious. Really.
Alright, well... I'm glad, I guess.
Well I'm glad *you* find this sort of thing interesting because *I* find it *interminable*.
You find it terminal?
Is, um, is anyone there?
[murmurings]
Hey, we need help. We're stuck on Edward's Island in the Communications Tower.
Uh, SOS? Mayday, mayday, uh, CQD?
CQD?
“Come Quick, Danger.“
It's... dead.
Did you get anyone?
....I don't think so.
I think *someone* was there, but... I don't know.
Looks like a generator or something.
The power's on, so... either it's working or we don't need it.
Forget it, I find it boring, that's all.
Nada.
No.
Sweet of you to say.
I’m not trying to be nice, I-- I dunno, I really think so.
*Brilliant deduction*.
Well what do you want me to say?! “This says it’s called Harden Tower,” okay, who cares.
“Harden Tower.” Couldn’t’ve named it anything else, huh?
Well I for one am glad they didn’t.
Hey, you remember them talking about Maggie Adler? The woman who died? This goes to her house.
Oh, uh, must be a nice spread.
Yeah. Rich old bag had everything, right? “Can’t take it with you, honey!”
I’m jealous. Lotsa security, I’m sure it’s a nice view. Oh well.
I don’t know if you noticed when we were home, but... you can see this statue from my bedroom.
Uh, don’t… touch that… please.
Have you ever had a moment where you’re standing on a ledge and you just-- you just wanna like just *jump* off and just see what it’s like?
No.
How do you know it even works?
It works.
This all seems a little much, right? Like, it’s just a rusty old Communications Tower, they’re not keeping dinosaurs in here.
Maybe some kids climbed it drunk, fell off and died, I dunno, but... it’s here, so… don’t touch.
I’d really prefer not telling your mom that you’re dead.
She might not take too well to the news.
The fence *should* be off now.
Great, but, uh, don’t take offense if I wanna throw a stick at it, first.
Well I *will* and *have* taken offense at your not believing in my ability at flipping switches.
C’mon, don’t you trust me? The light turned off.
I trust you to, like, not *hurt* me on purpose or anything but… you know… if the fence *kills* me on accident it’s not really about trust at that point.
[sigh]
“Harden Tower.” It’s called that I think because the radioman who watched it, he was Major Richard Harden. I don’t know why I remember that.
That would explain why I remember it...
Whore Island?!
That sounds a little different than what we’re on right now.
Why would you think I said *whore* island?
Um... I dunno.
Ugh, no, just forget it.
Interminable. Intermina-- it means, boring.
Ohhhh.
[murmurings]
It almost… it almost sounded like Clarissa? Right?
I don’t know, I didn’t really hear it.
Alex! Alex!
Hello?
Yeah, she's here.
It's for you.
Um, who is it?
Just come over here and take it.
Very funny. Who knows I'm here?
See?
I have to say... I'm impressed. How'd you do that?
It's just pressure and a library card for most older locks.
Huh. Cool.
Oh, my! And me without my camera!
Oh God, shut up.
That'll do, pig. That'll do.
Yeah, you're welcome.
Okay.
How does this thing...?
It *might*... work... if...?
*grunt*
Hello?
Anybody there?
Yeah, I don't know what I'm doing...
No way…
What… is... that?
Oh man, I so do not get what’s going on.
Like, at all.
Yeah, well… that makes two of us.
I don’t either, but it’s pretty freakin’ cool.
Oh God.
Let’s just keep moving.
We should probably start out if we’re going to get Ren.
Shouldn’t we be going to find Ren?
When Ren asks why this took so long, I’m telling him why, just so you know.
We should really start out if we’re going to find Clarissa before she does something stupid.
Now, c’mon, Clarissa’s a waitin’.
Let’s go to Milner, c’mon.
Alright, our rescuing duties have officially commenced. Let’s get this done and get off this rock like the... badasses we are.
Alright, let’s figure out how to turn off the electrified fence… kickstart this rescue mission like the, uh, total badasses we are.
Yeah. Righteous.
We’re just gonna walk through what amounts to a *park* to pick up some frightened children, Jonas. Don’t get ahead of yourself.
Act as if. That’s all I’m gonna say. Act as if.
Hey. What are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be getting Clarissa?
We took a detour.
Ahh. Very well.
Just taking like a break.
Oh. Okay.
I’m seeing if you’re okay. *Are* you… okay?
It was touch and go there for a moment, but… I’m doing a little better. No more limbs falling asleep and forgetting my address.
Good sign.
I just wanted to see if you had any luck with the radio? Or-- or maybe like the phone?
No. Not really. I’m getting nothing that sounds like anything human, anyway.
Still nothing.
I’ve heard wonderful crows on there, a beautiful old woman laughing, and then I stopped trying after it burned my hand.
This thing’s still dead. Or maybe I just don’t know how to work it.
Well… that makes two of us. Three of us, speaking for Jonas.
Hey, how do you know *I* can’t work it?
Can you?
No, but… you know, assumptions and... all that.
Oh. Hey guys. I see you down there. And... without Clarissa…
Actually, I’m gonna stop talking since this obviously isn’t working, so… just come on up and you can... help or something.
God this stupid thing--
She doesn’t sound good. Right?
Sounds a little off?
I don’t know her well enough.
I dunno. Sounded normal to me. Maybe a little frustrated with how everything’s… going.
She’s just tired, Ren. We’re all tired.
I mean, Hell, I would’ve been tired by now if all we’d been doing was drinking and laying on the beach.
Yeah, I guess.
She’s probably… at least a little scared.
She was freaked out when we ran into her and… we still haven’t found her best friend, so.
Maybe? I’m sure it’s just the stress.
Hey! Hey, I-- I saw you guys coming up from the tower. Dick Tower.
Um, I think you mean Harden Tower.
Please don’t ruin that for me, it’s all I have left.
How’s Nona doing? We heard what I imagine was her first radiocast *ever* earlier...
Yeah, no, she’s-- I dunno.
I mean, she’s frazzled one moment, then that makes me frazzled, and she sees that I’m frazzled so she like freezes up.
How are you? Uh, still holding all your parts together? Emotionally?
Um, kinda? Some things are slipping their rotors a little, but, you know, whatever.
Anything, uh, *good* to report? Besides that you’re still alive, which-- I’m glad, you know, don’t get me wrong.
Thanks, um, yes, I am still alive, but, uh, no, other than that, no.
Any luck contacting somebody?
Nope, no luck to speak of.
And honestly I thought this week was gonna be a *big* karma dump.
I found like fifty bucks in the street, and I knew who it belonged to, and I only spent half of it.
It’s okay, it’s-- you tried. That’s all you can do.
Thanks.
The stupid radio’s been-- it’s what my therapist would call a *negative reinforcer.* Just *won’t* work right.
Okay, Ren, *how* have you tried? And have you tried it more than once?
Hey, we’ve *tried*.
Well, we’re all here now-- well, I mean, except Clarissa-- but we’re *mostly* all here and we’ll come up with something.
I hope so.
Just… I’m *so* glad I took that second brownie.
What?
It’s kind of, you know…
It’s *just* about to start doing it’s thing.
Wait, *second* brownie? Ren, please tell me this is a joke, okay. This is a joke, right?
Why would this be a joke, I’m not joking.
*When* did you take a *second* one? How many do you even have?
I ate it right when we got back to the fields, I thought you noticed!
I ate it just before you came! And I have more than a couple, it’s no big deal.
We-- Ren, we *need* you sober right now, we need you *capable*-- I-- how could you be so stupid!
Wait, you’re *not* messing with us? You seriously took another one?
It was like-- it was like *half* of one, alright, it’s just to level me out.
It’ll-- it’ll bring me back up, that’s what it does.
If you’re down, it brings you up.
You better *pray* to whatever God scares you the most it *does* level you out, cause if this screws us up you’re on *summary probation*.
Don’t say that. That’s not-- that’s not nice.
God.
I cannot believe you. You’re gonna keel over in like a purple haze while we try and save our lives.
I’m gonna be *fine*. Last time I just ate too much, this was a gimme, it’s *baby food*.
Fine, if that’s what it takes to get you through the night, then… *okay*, great.
I don’t *need* it, I just… needed it *now*.
It’s science. *A* science.
This thing doesn’t work.
Not getting anything?
I’m getting something, but it’s like… I dunno.
Hi, Nona. Night’s still goin’, huh.
We heard you on the, uh, the speaker system. You got that working?
That’s *all* I got working.
We heard you on the squawk box. When I tried it, I just got static and, uh, a weird sound, so.
That’s about all that I’m getting.
What won’t work? The, uh, the radio?
It, like, *works*, but…
It’s not--
The two-way *functions*, I think, it’s like… *on*, but… all I’m getting is like a beeping, or like a test pattern.
Uh, sorry I was, like, weird earlier. But… hey, have you figured out what’s going on, yet.
But Alex, seriously… what’s happening?
Can somebody just like catch me up, cause…
I still have no idea what’s going on.
Can somebody just like catch me up, cause…
I still have no idea what’s going on.
Cause I know it hasn’t just been my imagination.
Things are *awry*.
Alright alright can somebody just tell me if they know what’s wrong with this place.
It’s been *ghosts*, Nona. Ghosts are going on.
The blackouts, the hallucinations… it’s all been ghosts.
*Ghosts*. Really.
Yeah, and it would really help if you could just jump to the believing us part. It’d save a headache.
To tell you the truth, Nona, I don’t think you really wanna know.
Alex, don't treat me like a pet.
It’s okay, the blue streak version is it’s ghosts, that’s all, that’s what’s going on. *Ghosts* are going on.
Look, we tuned into something in the cave, and… it was like Gabriel sounded the trumpet, just-- everything went terrible.
And, uh, ghosts.
Yes, that.
Nona, it’s sorta… really complicated.
You have to know something, you've been, like, *out* there...
Uh, yeah, we have...
Oh! Oh, I got it, this is great, this is perfect, I know exactly what to do.
Do you.
Yeah, totally. It’s Maggie Adler.
Maggie Adler?
Yeah, she has a boat.
*Had* a boat. I mean, the boat’s still here, but she’s not, she’s dead.
Her house-- *manor*, or whatever it is, is behind a huge gate.
You can see it coming up here from Main Street.
No, I know, but the keys to it are here, somewhat readily available.
Ren, why-- You could have mentioned this at *any* *point*. I mean, we walked right past it!
I know, I’m sorry, but I’ve been like stewing in my own panic here for the last couple hours.
Oh boy, thank God for that memory.
Yeah, finally something positive jarred loose through all the hysteria.
What *kind* of boat.
It’s a, you know, it’s a *boat* boat, like a rowboat thing.
My sister Allie worked at the Parks office in town, she had to deliver that old woman her mail every day, I *know* they have the key.
Okay, so--
No no no we are not-- we are *not* gonna go with the plan-- the *first* plan put forth by the group’s resident *burnout*!
Hey, c’mon, I’m not a *burnout*.
Okay, so I ate two brownies...
Yeah, and one of them was *after* you knew everything’d gone to Hell, so.
Hey, Jonas, seriously, back off, okay. Ren’s a good bloke.
Thank you! And thank you for taking advantage and saying, “bloke.”
Well, I mean… Jonas kinda does have a point here.
Like, do you *know* there’s a boat, or is this like when you *knew* the teachers kept liquor in the lounge…
Oh c’mon, I was like *thirteen* when I thought they all got drunk at lunch!
This is a real thing, there’s a boat at her dock!
Well-- and I’m not saying it’s the *best* plan, but… what other plan *is* there really, Jonas?
Oh, I dunno, fix the radio, find Clarissa, set *fire* to the *mug shop*...
And these are just off the top of my head.
Yeah, I’m still worried about Clarissa.
But… we *can’t* fix the radio, we don’t know how.
But… we don’t know where Clarissa is…
Wait, set fire to the mug shop?
Yeah, of course you are, but how is walking blindly around all night a better idea than trying to actually, like, secure an exit?
I’m not saying *literally* do that, I’m just saying, like… there’s other things we can do.
But there isn’t!
To *balance* out! To balance me out, that’s it!
Ren, understand, it is *completely* your fault that we’re in this to begin with...
What?!
And now you want us to trust you when things are *really* bad?
You had Alex bring the radio, you brought us here!
But, Ren… look at reality. You dragged us out here, you had Alex bring the little death machine...
Stop saying it was my fault!
It wasn’t!
C’mon, Jonas, this is nobody’s fault. *Ghosts* are never anybody’s fault, certainly not ours.
Yeah, guys, this isn’t really, uh, productive.
Jonas, are you serious? This was *your* fault, even a *blind* guy could flail around and bump into that conclusion.
*You* crawled into that hole, *you* got us stuck--
Guys, c’mon.
Jonas, you know *we* tuned into the thing, we kicked the door open to whatever this is…
Oh give me a break, this night is like a-- it’s like a giant ugly misery stew that Ren has clearly been the chef of.
That's a-- what does that even mean?!
This was your whole stupid… *thing*.
And *you* tuned into the triangle thing, Alex!
So you can’t pin the *entire* thing on me.
Especially when the *actual cause* is standing right here!
Yeah, I tuned into the *triangle thing* -- which by the way, I can’t *stand* when you call it that, the *triangle thing*-- because *you* wanted me to!
Even though I wasn’t there, I have *no* problem believing that.
And I *freely* admit it, in-- in front of-- whatever-- in front of Nona and Ren, I *blew it*, okay!
I should’ve known better!
You didn’t blow it, Alex, you only screwed up, apparently, by bringing Jonas along! And I freely blame your mom for that!
I am *not* the actual cause! Of anything!
And especially not the-- the friendship *dischord* that’s happening right now!
Look, Jonas…
It should be obvious to even the *cheap seats* that you’re the only new *weirdo* who throws the whole social harmony thing we got goin’ outta whack!
I mean, we all grew up with each other!
Alex *knows* she can trust me!
Listen, we're all thinking what I’m saying... *Jonas* is clearly a total weirdo that would rather *him* save the day than let anyone *else* be right!
How can you-- *how* can you say that you’re in the right!
You have yet to miss *one* opportunity to be wrong!
Okay, Ren, just-- take a step *back*, alright, Jonas isn’t a weirdo, he’s a-- he’s a good guy.
What? Your “good guy,” is like deploying a missile barrage of insanity on me right now!
Guys, you know there’s no television cameras here, right? Take the energy down a notch.
Alex, I am *not* putting my life in his hands.
This whole thing has been a complete *joke* to this guy and I can’t believe you’re even *kind of* defending him.
Jonas…
Ren, it’s okay, relax, I like the plan, the plan’s fine, we’ll all--
It doesn’t matter if the plan is *fine*!
“Social harmony?!” You all can *barely* even *pretend* to be friends!
I mean, *Jesus*, Alex, when you told me Ren annoyed the crap outta you, I… had no idea how much you were lowballing it.
Oh please, like she would ever say that!
This was just earlier *tonight*!
Paranoid lunatic!
Yes!
I’m not the one who had to be *rescued* by us!
I don’t need a *pass* from you, Alex is my *best friend*.
Yeah, and she could hardly muster two *syllables* to describe you!
*C’mon*, I don’t even have to *be* there to know she wasn’t talking about me.
Alex sheds friends like-- like *snake skin* and I’m the goddamn *rattle* at the end! Unshakeable!
“Legitimate means,” what are you even talking about?
You have *no* idea if there’s a boat down there still.
Alex, you told me you didn’t trust Jonas yet, well… good instincts!
Cause here it is, in all its glory, the paranoid lunatic unveiled!
I know you said Ren is like “harmless,” or whatever, but… I’m over giving him passes. And so should you.
Look Alex, you told me just like two hours ago that people outgrow people and I *knew* even *then* you were talking about *Ren*, so... *now* is the time.
The stories I heard about this guy, he’s a *maniac*, okay?
And he’s gonna trash our only *legitimate* means of getting out of here if you buy into this crap.
Don’t suck me into this tornado of-- of-- whatever’s happening right now!
Just guys, please, stop! We can-- we can fight on the way home, *after* we get the boat, and-- I guess *if* that’s what we’re even doing.
Guys! Stop it, *stop*, the collective neuroses call a truce, okay?
Yes. Please.
Okay, you’re arguing fifteen things at once now.
“Do the plan,” “Trust Jonas,” “Leave Ren,” like, pick a target. Or better yet, just don’t.
Yeah.
*Oh my God*, I’m not sitting through a contest of who can be the biggest *buttmonster* right now, so can we please just jump to the part where we try and fix our problem!
Look, I don’t *care* what Caveman Jones says--
What is that?!
--there is a *boat* at Maggie Adler’s house.
And the key to her house is back on Main Street.
And the *back up* plan for when this thing fails spectacularly is two of us have to stay *here* by the semi-functioning walkie talkie.
Fine by me. Alex has the radio… are you okay to go into town?
Not that you-- not that you *wouldn’t* be okay.
Yeah, it’s not like… you know, I’m fine, whatever, I’m ready.
Honestly, *anything* to get me off of this tower and away from this specific configuration of yelling people would do wonders for me right now.
She’s fine, she’s been using that thing like a machete the whole night.
She shouldn’t-- you shouldn’t go alone, we don’t need like *three* of us up here.
Yeah, I’ll totally go, it’s my, like, brilliant idea or whatever.
No, are you kidding? Your *food* is gonna start kicking in any second, and... beyond that, you’re a completely unreliable basketcase!
I am *not* a *basketcase*, you, uh, *meathead*!
I’m eccentric!
You’re not some hobo in a giraffe costume, you’re a short loser in *high school!*
Ahhhh! Stop it!
Just shut up! Both of you!
Ahhhh! Please, don’t start up again!
Sorry.
Okay, keeping in mind who you’ve been able to depend on the whole night--
Yes, keeping in mind who you’re tired of.
Keeping in mind who’s *taller*... who do you want coming with you?
Yeah, your *oldest pal*...
Oh my God.
Or your new psycho step-brother.
Ren, you’re up.
Phew. I, uh, I didn’t realize how much I had emotionally invested in that.
Alex. Are you kidding me right now.
We had to practically pull this guy out of a *bush* like an *hour* ago.
Jonas, it’s not-- *somebody* has to stay, you said it yourself.
Jonas, the boat, the key, Adler… it was Ren’s idea, he should… see it through, you know?
No, to be honest, I don’t know, Alex.
You know what, Jonas, right now, I’d rather have somebody maybe *too* relaxed for what’s happening instead of, like, the opposite.
I am *not*-- I didn’t know you saw me that way.
Jonas, Ren is my friend, too, okay? Nobody gets a monopoly on “Alex time,” it’s like a rule I have.
I don’t *need*-- I don’t need that, but...
Alex…
I dunno, I guess I thought we were… I dunno what I thought, forget it. Doesn’t matter.
That’s right, it doesn’t matter.
Ren, I swear to God--
Okay, before things get *stupid* again… good luck with the whole key thing. We’ll be waiting, guys.
Jonas, let’s go.
Thank you.
Alright, she just doesn’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings, it’s fine, let’s just go.
*What.* You’ve gotta be-- this is-- are you-- you’re-- no, this isn’t, this isn’t happening.
*Him*. Him.*Him?!*
Ren, c’mon, it’ll be fine, we’ll watch the walkie talkie.
Ren, he’s been like my side-kick the entire night, he’s been-- he’s been *helpful*.
I thought you were *my* sidekick!
Yeah, and I thought we were more like a *team*, really, like-- like doubles tennis or something.
Ren. You *ate* *another* *brownie*. What do you expect me to do?
I expect you to, like, *care*, I expect you to think, “Hey, maybe *Ren* needs some support...
Ren, we’re still-- we’re still doing your whole *plan* *you* came up with, who cares if you’re on the Home or the Away team?
I wanna be on the *Alex* team, I wanna feel, like-- like-- I wanna be, like, *needed*.
Alex…
Just-- just, fine, whatever, have fun, you two.
This isn’t *fun*. That’s the point.
Oh God, will you just *shut* *up*.
Nona. Wanna come with me?
Really? I mean… I guess.
What!
What?!
*Why* are you making me shack up with this guy?
This isn’t-- it’s my friggin’ plan, it’s wholly *my* idea.
This isn’t-- it’s my friggin’ plan, it’s wholly *my* idea.
We’ve been together the *entire* night, why switch it up now?
And then you take the only other *girl*?
Be quiet! Both of you!
God, you’re like puppies, you’re not gonna *die* if I go to the grocery store for ten minutes!
Why? Why? *This* is why! Easiest question I’ve been asked all night!
We’ll be *back* *later*. So... play nice in the meantime.
They’ll be-- we’ll be-- you’ll be fine.
This is a total *punt*, Alex.
Yeah, this isn’t--
No, it’s fine, this’ll be a good--
If you don’t wanna take sides, don’t take sides, but know... *nobody’s* happy with this.
[angry sigh]
Yeah, well, I don’t really care right now what you’re *happy* with.
See you soon.
Hey, Nona’s happy? You're happy. Right?
Um… sure.
Oh c’mon, *first* you wouldn’t let me even talk to you back in town without Ren by your side and *now* you trust him to help with this over me?
What! *First* you let me sweat it out for like *two hours* in the Woods to go gallivanting around with this guy and you’re *still* picking him over me?!
What! First you ditch me back in Town to talk with this guy about God knows what and now that stuff has gone crazy you’re *still* picking him over me?!
What! First you say you’d kill me during Truth or Slap of all the friggin’ people and now you pick *Jonas* to go with you right now!
Have you tried using the phone anymore?
Uh, no. When I *did* try, I just heard a dial tone… or sometimes heavy breathing. Or, uh, laughing.
So I stopped trying.
So this doesn’t work, the radio? It just beams outside? I’m hearing a beeping...
Yeah, that’s all you’ll hear. I think it’s somebody, though, cause it’s like-- it changes.
But, I dunno.
I keep clicking on it.
Nothing happens.
It could be somebody. We shouldn’t stop trying, it’s the only even semi-functioning lifeline to the real world I think we’ve seen so far.
It *could* be somebody, but… could also be a friggin’ weather balloon, or… Sputnik crashing into Canada.
Oh, I hope it’s Canada. I can’t stand their superior attitudes.
Uh, oh, shut up everybody, look, here’s something cool. A phone!
Let’s stop making Alex uncomfortable and talk about this instead.
Sorry. Carry on.
Oh, Jonas and I will be alright. Besides, uh, the last five minutes, he’s seemed like an easy going guy.
I *am* an easy going guy. Usually.
Ren and I will be fine, he’s just a little cranky.
I’m *not* cranky.
Don’t worry, I’ll take care of him.
If a miracle happens and you *do* happen to get somebody on the horn, run up the road and grab us, okay?
Definitely. I wouldn’t leave you behind.
Are you, uh, feeling any better since the last time we saw you?
I dunno… like I’m getting the flu, honestly. But… whatever, I’ll rally. Just come back with the key.
No hard feelings. Right?
Good luck with the thing, Alex.
We’re still friends, Ren. If Missy’s sixth grade birthday party couldn’t split us up, this certainly won’t.
Now… don’t get depressed and eat any more brownies, okay? I still need you tip top, alright.
I’ll see you when you get back, Alex.
I still need you, Jonas... okay? So… keep your knee pads on. Mentally speaking.
Look, just… go easy on Ren when we get back, okay? He’s fragile, he has like a squirrel heart.
Uh, did you know the Comm Tower’s named after a guy called Major Dick Harden?
No.
Uh, just checking.
Alex, where are you going? We’re kinda in the middle of something…
We’ve *talked* enough, let’s get on with the whole getting off this island thing.
We will, hold your ponies.
Oh, whoops. Don’t mind me.
I’ll mind you less if I know you’re listening.
Alex, really, we need all of us active and participating in the how not to get eaten by nightmares stage of the evening, okay? Stay with the group!
Wait, wait, let’s… hold up until Alex stops wandering.
Hey, Alex, what are you doing? You can’t just leave, I’m getting, like, *scolded* here!
And it feels strange since I’ve never been reprimanded by someone my own age!
I’m a year older.
Oh, you’ve had a whole extra *Easter’s* worth of maturity, great!
Yeah, I’ve heard enough of this, I think. The climate isn’t really conducive to actual *thought*.
Let’s just get *on* with it, okay? If we’re doing the boat thing, let’s do the boat thing, let’s get the key.
Yeah, these shouting matches that never actually become shoving matches kinda bore me, guys.
Come back!
Yeah, seriously, this is important, stay with us.
Okay, you guys… Alex is leaving again.
Look, we’ll *stop*, just come back and we’ll finish it, okay?
Yeah, *he’ll* stop being a total *wad*.
Man, you have no idea how far out on the razor’s edge you are with me, buddy…
Alex, where are you going? Come up here, let’s strategize.
Alexxxx, really, don’t run off yet, I wanna know what we’re doing.
Oh my God, Alex, don’t leave me alone with these guys. Come back! Help!
Don’t even think about it. Come back here. Now.
You gonna be okay hanging back... with the boy?
Before we’d left, I’d told my Mom I was spending the night at a friend’s house.
And when I got back... I didn’t’ see any reason to change that story.
And... you know what, I still don’t.
The island did one good thing, forcing Ren and Nona together… which is nice cause they’re still together, actually… though they go to different schools now.
Trying out the long distance thing, I guess.
Ren always loved the town, but the island pretty much erased that in one fell swoop. He ended up going to college in California.
Nona I think is going to some ballet academy somewhere.
I talk to her every once in a while. She seems pretty okay.
But I kinda fell out of touch with her to be honest.
Clarissa left to study English literature… she was thinking of dropping out, but is keeping at it, for now.
We talk sometimes. *Rarely*, but sometimes.
And she’s still seeing Michael. She provokes him, and he settles her, so it works, I guess.
And she got a dog, too. If you care.
Clarissa fled to the east coast, dropped out of college and works at a boutique.
But any snippets of her life I hear from Michael. They’re still dating, kind of… really only when she visits.
She’ll never come back, though, I know that for sure. Not after that night.
Nobody really talks to her. Not even Michael is on good terms.
I can’t imagine she’ll ever come back. Not if the island's here.
He stayed in town to get an engineering degree.
He’s… content, but...
He sometimes thinks he would’ve been happier trying to go out on his own... I dunno. Maybe he just misses Clarissa.
I think he’s secretly planning to move to New York for Clarissa. I guess we’ll see.
Jonas never remembered *my* version of things… though I held out hope for a while that he would.
We still hang out all the time, though. He goes to school in town. I call him my “other brother.” Not to his face. Don’t tell Mike.
Jonas was the first to introduce me as his “sister.” You know, without the “step” part in front of it.
And it was weird at first, but... it’s the truth, he’s my brother. He goes to school in town and we see each other a lot.
Jonas and I hung out just once more, but it was… different. Awkward. I never saw him again after school ended.
I used to think that was kinda sad, you know? But I don’t anymore. Things are what they are.
Jonas and I are… mm. I’ll see him every Thanksgiving, at least, you know, but.... I don’t think he wants anything more than that.
He goes to State so he could be close to his Dad. And he loves the town. I’m happy for him.
It’s funny. What happened on the island used to pop into my head every single day.
And then every other day. And then a week went by and I realized I hadn’t thought about it all.
I guess that’s… I dunno. It’s good, I think.
But anyways, I, uh...
Well…
If it matters...
I left town to go to school. Undeclared. I need time to figure out what I-- what I want, I guess.
I decided to stay in town and go to college here. It’s practically up the road, and… I just wanted something familiar, I guess.
I’m… taking some time off. Just to… I dunno, readjust my priorities, figure out what I want to do.
But anyways... what time is it? Oh-- yeah, sorry, I gotta run or I’ll miss the ferry.
Ren’s dragging me out to Edwards Island for that yearly beach party thing.
And I have to pick up what’s-his-name, Jonas, too. Ugh, I hope he’s not weird or mean or something.
Whatever, I’m sure it’ll be fun. It’s something to do. Right?
But I don't talk to her. She never really got over me almost trading her best friend away... I can't really blame her.
Since Michael never left, we never had our... going away thing at the lake and so he never drowned.
He sometimes thinks he would've been happier trying to... go out on his own. I dunno.
Nobody remembers Clarissa… except me, of course. I think about her every single day, to be honest…
It’s a strange consequence, she’s *replaced* Michael in the pockets of my mind that get most… *recalled*.
I don’t know if it was the right thing to do. I think most people would say it wasn’t, but… most people’ll never have to face something like that.
The last time I talked to him, he was starting a band called Drunk Talk, so… business as usual.
He was my best friend... but I don’t know if I’ll ever see him again.
I hear she’s scared of the ocean, now.
He stayed in town to get an engineering degree.
It’s kinda, uh, kooky, but… apparently.
They actually seem kinda useful?
Like… if they all have some information on the island and stuff we might be able to use it.
Yeah, it’s a cool… it’s a-- it’s just, like, neat, I think. She made her last act a game, sort of.
It was a mistake though, you know? She came here to… I dunno.
It’s just horrible how this all happened.
Yeah, well, she *did* doom all those men to a fate worse than death, it’s like *actually* that, I can say that for once, so...
I don’t know if sleepless nights aren’t a little deserved.
Yeah. She tried her best to-- to make things, right, I guess. Or if not, uh, “right,” better at least.
Eh, too little, too late, really. I know that’s why pencils have erasers, but this was a pretty big screw up.
I feel bad for Maggie, really. Her best friend gets killed by sailor ghosts *you* partially created.
That’s not something you just shake off.
She shouldn’t have-- *they* shouldn’t have poked their nose into it. What’s done was done, you gotta let stuff go.
How are you, uh, doing?
Uh, fine I guess. Why?
Just checking, you know.
Okay.
No ulterior motive, just, uh… making sure you’re doing alright.
Okay.
Uh, cause everything’s crazy? You know? So, just making sure your shoes are still on your feet.
They are, they are.
So…. just curious, but… what’s your running theory?
You played with the radio, a triangle came out, the triangle talked, hung out a little, then drowned us but not, and now we’re here.
Yep, that-- those were the events.
Good talk.
Yeah, okay, but what does it all *mean*?
That’s between your and your priest.
How are you?
I’m doing fine, too. Fine and dandy.
Me, I’m great. I’m like a pog in it’s own fil-- *pig* in its own filth, is what I mean to say.
Uh, could be better, but… we’ll get through this, and on to, uh, bigger and better.
Whoa, wait, did you-- did you feel, like, I dunno-- a brain earthquake or something...
No, I, uh, I feel kinda weird, too.
Wait, what just happened? I feel like… I don’t know… I got a flash of something...
This always used to creep me out as a kid… I guess it’s a Bomb *Strike* shelter, which is different from a Fallout Shelter because of… something.
Were they really scared of getting bombed here?
It was the war, so… and Europe was getting turned to cinder blocks so I think it made everybody jumpy.
We did get bombed.
A Japanese submarine blew up a baseball field, and… some kids were actually killed after they tampered with a-- a launched fire balloon over in Lakeview in the 40’s.
Wow. That’s kinda crazy.
Hey, what did the ocean say to the lighthouse?
Uh, what?
Nothing. It just waved.
Have to sit down after that one?
I’m… sorry, I forgot where this was going, it’s horrible, nevermind.
Thanks.
Oh, is this-- it’s not a joke, it’s a genuine question, okay, oceans don’t talk, so it didn’t say anything.
Wait, uh, if you wanna go get Ren, this is the wrong way, I think.
This is the way to go to Fort Milner and *Clarissa*.
This is the way to Fort Milner...
The woods are the opposite away.
Uh, this is-- we’re *still* heading to get Clarissa, so… I’m just going to assume that’s what we’re doing now.
We’re, uh, we’re *still* going to Milner, so… I’m just going to assume that’s what we’re doing now.
Yeahhh, but I thought about it, and… if Clarissa has a walkie talkie or a radio or something we should go see her, first.
Alright, just making sure.
Yeah, I know, let’s just-- I dunno, look around, check things out first. Ren can wait a second.
Alright, if you say so.
Oh, I didn’t know. This isn’t the way to the forest?
No, no this is Fort Milner, so… this is just gonna go to Clarissa.
Alright, thanks. Yeah, let’s turn back.
Okay. Clarissa it is...
This is the way to get *Ren*.
Ft. Milner’s the opposite way.
Wait, if you wanna see Clarissa, this is the wrong way, right?
Yeah, you know what? I thought about it, and… let’s just get Ren, he’s like practically right here.
Hey, fine by me.
Alright, I guess Ren’s getting his rescue.
Oh. Whoops. Clarissa’s back the other way?
Yeah, at Ft. Milner, remember? This is-- this will just go through the woods.
We should turn back.
Oh, I get it. *Sarcasm*. I have to get used to your sense of humor.
We’re goin’ to get, Ren, okay, I got it.
You know… I do remember you from Mr. Tuttle’s class.
You sit in the, uh, the back… behind Jake. I just forgot. Sorry.
But uh, yeah, I remember you from class now.
Sorry, I, uh… it only just clicked for me.
Hey, it’s, uh, it’s nothing to be sorry about.
I don’t talk all that much so I don’t know why you would remember me.
Hey, you *should* be sorry, I’m a *personality* in that class compared to the rest of those dead weights.
Yeah, no, it’s true.
I’m also just like never there.
It’s a loophole, where-- I don’t know if you know this, but if you ditch, you get a detention, and if you don’t go to *that*, you get suspended…
But suspensions are like a paid vacation, you can just do your work over.
But you-- but you miss the *class*! Isn’t that like the most important part, how do you even learn anything?
Jenny, the TA? She lets me practice ballet in her studio.
So… I learn jumping. That’s enough.
Oh, nice. Good tip, thanks, I’m gonna use that.
Yeah, of course.
Wait, if you don’t really go to, like, class, what are you doing instead all day?
So… that, really.
Oh, and… don’t tell anyone, but my birthday’s in three days, and I’m having a thing, and you’re invited.
[cough]
So.
It’s like what’s the point.
I think Clarissa’s out of town, so…
It shouldn’t be a problem.
Uh, but yeah, I’m gonna have a birthday party thing soonish but keep it under your hat.
I don’t know where yet.
Just not bowling, that’s such a cop out.
Well, Happy early Birthday! In my family we celebrate birthdays all week so you’re four days late, you gotta get in the mindstate.
Thanks.
I’m sorry, I don’t even know why I brought it up.
Why didn’t you tell us? We coulda made this more of a, you know, a birthday thing instead of just a beach bash or whatever.
I… don’t even know why I mentioned it now, really.
Egh, sorry you had to spend part of your birthday week dealing with all of, uh, *this*.
Oh, that’s no big deal.
I don’t even know why I brought it up.
Yeah… I’m sorry, I don’t even know why I brought that up.
That’s not true. I was thinking about... I’m worried about Clarissa, and… I was thinking about my *last* birthday when...
Actually, sorry, nevermind, this has nothing to do with anything.
I’m just in a fog right now.
Sorry.
No, c’mon, I wanna hear this. It was last year, your birthday, go.
It’s okay, it’s fine, we’re all… kinda in a daze right now.
Just-- this was when Nicole was in her car accident and... so of course we cancel and go visit her, and-- I’m not gonna pout about that, it’s common decency, it’s fine.
But afterwards, after this totally emotionally draining night... Clarissa *still* came over and surprised me with this *huge* cake.
Why *was* I even thinking about my birthday… I guess it was because… last year, we were gonna have this party.
And… we stayed up… and watched all my favorite movies.
And… she didn’t have to do that.
But it was nice.
Wait, *Clarissa* did that? Clarissa? *Our* Clarissa?
She’s a good person, Alex, really, it’s just-- it’s like she’s had a pebble in her boot for a while that… she just can’t seem to get rid of.
That’s… sweet, actually.
Anyways... my birthday’s in three days, and…
Anyways, about Clarissa...
I just hope she’s okay, that’s all.
We’ll find her, Nona, we’re not leaving without her.
Just on three okay.
Well… hope for the best, but… prepare for the worst.
Yeah, I know.
Don’t worry, Nona. Clarissa’s… around here somewhere.
This is… I wanna… This is whatever, but are you like religious at all?
My Dad said your Mom wasn’t, but…
That doesn’t necessarily mean… you know.
But anyways I was just-- I just wanted to know if you, like, “believed…”
But anyways I was just-- I just wanted to know if you, like, “believed…”
Or whatever.
No, not at all. My parents weren’t and I’m not either.
Okay. But… still? Even after tonight?
This hasn’t… shaken anything loose, or...
Made you-- made you sorta reconsider?
Yeah, I guess.
My personal feeling is that the scientific process has given us lots of “how” but not enough “why,” so…
But really, even after everything’s happened tonight, you’re not even a little, uh, “God-fearing?”
Nope. I mean, we *say* they’re ghosts...
Spirits.
Unexplained phenomena.
But… when a bird looks in the mirror she doesn’t see her reflection, she sees, like, a bird assassin. And there's a strong possibility we're just as stupid right now.
I’d be lying if I said… I guess this… *stuff* we’ve been going through has pushed the needle a little closer to “Maybe?”
I can probably guess where you’re going with this, but I’m gonna ask anyway. Why?
Yeah, my parents were Methodist, but my mom was... she like *practiced.*
Huh, alright. My Mom was Methodist, my Dad… kinda didn’t care, but...
I’m only bringing it up because… I guess it’s because my mom was Methodist, and...
Tonight’s kind of… I guess I’m just realizing a lot of it’s rubbed off on me more than I thought.
But… I dunno.
I was just wondering if you were.
What about it rubbed off on you?
Uh, “Faith discerns the things of God?” I heard that a lot as a kid, and it, uh, it’s been on my mind tonight.
I could see having some of that stuff could be, um, “timely” now just, uh… for processing this. Like having some armor.
Okay, but-- I mean, *c’mon* Jonas, you *know* all that stuff is complete bunk, right?
There might be *something* out there but it’s not some *guy* pushing buttons on a cloud.
I’m not saying it’s some *guy* but you don’t think maybe there’s like a-- a *being* or…
Or even like a place that you go after you die?
Or something like a spirit?
But anyways, I’m not talking about-- about it even being a *guy* necessarily, but like a *presence* or something…
Right?
A vague “being”, maybe. Like a prime mover or something. Sure.
No, there’s no great “being.” If there is something out there it’s completely devoid of anything resembling a personality and is also probably dead.
Geez. Okay, I just-- I guess I just have a different outlook.
Some aspects of it just, uh, help me, I guess, day to day.
Some aspects of it just, uh, help me, I guess, day to day.
A little.
But, uh, I was just saying that I guess some, uh, aspects of my Mom’s faith kind of help me a little.
Just with day to day, regular stuff.
I’m surprised, to be honest. I didn’t think you’d have this-- I just didn’t think you’d be that way. Like, at all.
That’s, uh… I dunno, I think that’s too bad.
Well, uh, no offense, but I’m officially putting you in the “brainwashed” category of my friends and family.
And I’m putting you in the “soulless” category, so… we’re even.
Yeah, sometimes… it can help me, too. Just focusing on something bigger than me, bigger than, uh, this.
Yeah, you know… it is what it is.
Yeah, I… I guess I just can’t really imagine that. I need to see or touch it… or see evidence, you know?
Yeah, no, makes sense.
Like what aspects?
Just the, uh, that everything-- not that everything “happens for a reason” or whatever, but just… that some things are inevitable.
I dunno.
I’m just babbling now.
I get that. “Don’t worry about the stuff you can’t control.”
Yeah. But whatever.
If I felt like that I don’t think I’d ever try to do anything, though. I’d just think it’s already all taken care of.
Nah. You don’t strike me as that kind of person.
I dunno.
I’m just babbling now.
Oh man, you know what just jumped into my head just completely randomly? That show in the, uh-- it was a horse ranch?
Or a horse *farm*, but…
But that makes it sound like they have a little cabbage patch field of horses...
But anyways I was thinking of that-- that horse show?
Remember?
What? What are you talking about?
Horse ranch show? Huh?
Okay, are you still out of it? I shouldn’t being paying any attention to this, right?
No, this is-- I can’t believe you don’t remember this.
There was a-- there was a show at a horse ranch?
A year ago, out in Salem? We took over a stable, our band played, and you-- you ditched that test *again* - right? - to bring us a new amp...
Cause during the soundcheck we blew ours?
None of this is… sparking any synapses?
We wrecked the speakers playing, “See you in Hell My Friend?”
Right?
But it was out in Salem? We played a concert, you brought us an amp?
Nope, uh... memory’s pretty gloomy on this one.
Wait, she ditched a test?
Uh, sure! I-- if I *squint* I can kinda remember… What about it?
Nothing, I don’t know. But I can’t believe you didn’t tell Jonas this story yet.
What about *tonight* made this pop into your head? Is it just cause we’re like… outside?
I dunno! But I can’t believe you didn't tell Jonas this story yet.
Okay, what is the story?
She had already blown off this, like, super important for school placement aptitude test once and--
Why’d you do that?
So, back to the story, she’d skipped out on this crazy important exam for school.
And she did that why?
Um, I think she was…
...indisposed?
You know, I, uh, I can’t even remember.
Yeah, I don’t, uh…
I don't… really remember… why?
Uh, Michael had just died like… a month or two before, and I, uh… I don’t know, I just wasn’t in the quizzing mood.
But you know it’s-- whatever that’s-- that’s not part of the story.
I just… hate… no. 2 pencils, man.
Anyways, she was gonna retake it, and on the day of, I had to emergency call her way out in the-- just picture, like, Little House on the Prairie.
I don’t know what that is.
It’s a-- really? You don’t know what Little House on the Prairie is?
Wait, you blew off an important test to get him his *amp*?
Really?
That was... a thing you did?
Is that right?
But back up a second, you didn’t take a test because you had to get him an amp?
I guess! I mean, I… don’t really remember this at all, but… yeah, sure.
Yeah, I mean… he needed his amp. And it was just a stupid test, so… who cares.
Well, yeah, I mean… maybe… I would've done things differently now, but… you know, whatever.
Yeah, no, total super friend status, you know?
And the funny part is I’d taken that same test after dosing a buncha cough medicine and I *still* aced it so *she* woulda blown it outta the water.
And even knowing *that* she still came out to help me.
That’s awesome, right?
You failed to tell me *that* part.
Maybe that’s why this is a more meaningful memory to me than you…
Of course you did. One of these days Nate’s dad is gonna start keeping a *tally* of his medicine cabinet.
And I will rue that day, lemme tell you.
Yeah… even if you think the test was stupid, I dunno… I can’t help but feel that you maybe shoulda probably still done it.
Yeah… I think I’m with Alex on this one. She maybe probably shoulda stuck around and taken that test…
I dunno... I think you probably shoulda taken the test.
Really?
Even if at the time she didn’t care?
How come?
But yeah, I dunno… I think you probably shoulda taken the test, to be honest.
Huh. Why do you think so?
*You*, *you’re* saying this, the guy who doesn’t like school thinks I should’ve skipped my friend’s concert to take an *exam*.
Listen, it’s just-- like, if- if I was good at… what *you* guys are good at, which is… being smart...
I wouldn’t waste one of my few remaining test days… on a show in a barn.
Take tests, show off.
I would, if I could.
No offense.
Hey, none taken.
But yeah, I’m just saying… don’t waste what you got.
Well, I don’t regret it, not really.
Ren did a good show, and Mindy got drunk, and it was funny, and the test wouldn’t have made me laugh, so…
Amen.
Alright.
Words to live by. “Don’t squander your potential on music manure.”
Well *sorry* I dragged you out there and made you pet a horse and drink moonshine!
Oh, well now that I know that *moonshine* was involved…
I’m not that smart, Jonas. There’s nothing really to “waste” here.
If you say so.
But really it was a good show. You woulda liked it. If we had known you back then.
I… don’t doubt it.
God, can you believe Jonas back there? Blaming *me* for everything? Me?!
I can’t *imagine* dealing with him the whole night, how have you not just like *attacked* him by now?
But I mean, really, Jonas, how has it been with him, cause… if that whole ordeal was any clue at all...
It must be *so* annoying, his whole… *schtick*.
Just, like, what a complete ball knocker.
Tonight must be like the Five Trials of the Something Or Other…
Like, it just must be so aggravating.
It’s actually been kinda great, Ren, having him around, so.. I don’t really know what to tell you.
It’s been “great,” seriously? Looking at that face, hearing that voice? Why?
He just had a bad moment, Ren, okay?
It’s been a night of *extraordinary circumstances*, I think we can cut the guy some slack.
Okay, oh good hearted one, I’ll turn the other cheek if it’ll make you happy.
It’s been… strained, sometimes, I’ll admit. He has a way about him that can put you on edge.
See? See, okay, good, I’m not-- I’m not crazy.
But I dunno, whatever.
It’s just been nice having somebody to talk to through everything, it keeps-- I dunno, it keeps it, like, *sane*.
Alright.
It’s been nice having, like, *help*. Or… it’s been like, he’s my mascot, kind of. My toadie.
I don’t know *why*, I can’t put it into words, it’s… it’s just been good… to have him around.
What on Earth could be great about that?
He acts like… he acts like *Jordan*, remember?
Remember that guy?
Man, now I’m *really* glad I didn’t let Ellie come tonight.
I know you and my little sister have like this weird psychic connection when it comes to useless trivia or whatever, but *boy* that would’ve been bad.
But seriously, can you imagine Ellie being here? How many limbs she would’ve lost by this point?
I do not need a Junior Highschooler running around...
Threatening to tell Dad how much of her life I’ve imperiled.
Yeesh.
I can’t wait to tell her about all this nonsense, though, she’s gonna flip.
Yeah. Bullet dodged.
*I’m* not glad she didn’t come, Ellie’s like a-- she’s like a little Bobby Fischer, she makes rockets in her backyard, she could’ve helped.
Ellie’d be crying in a corner of the Comm Tower right now, okay? She wouldn’t have “helped.”
Why’d you tell her to stay home?
Cause I wouldn’t’ve been able to *relax*, you know? She’d tell Mom about... stuff.
You know she just turned thirteen? It just doesn't compute for me that Allison did this four years ago.
And anyways, yeah, it just doesn’t compute for me that Allison did the whole spend the night on the island thing like four years ago.
She’s all… “collegiate,” now.
She was happy for me, that it was my turn to do this.
She told me to bring board games.
I think I remember her saying she had fun.
Yeah, did, uh, Allie notice anything, or… experience anything weird when she was here?
Her friends didn’t care about the cave thing so they didn’t bring a radio.
They just screwed in the woods and went home.
Hey, yeah, *she* survived! Our odds just improved.
*Everyone* has survived up until this point, Alex. My *uncle* did this, it’s not supposed to be a big deal.
Allie said that, uh, I’d be a little different when I came home.
But, uh, I was just saying that Allie said that I’d feel a little… changed or something when I got home.
Like I’d been let in on a secret or uh…
Learned something….
And I didn’t really know what she meant, like, at first, you know?
Wait, do you-- she couldn’t have known what was gonna happen? Right?
Nah.
She’s just screwing with you, Ren. It’s like standing outside of a spook house and hyping it up for the kids in line.
She wasn’t trying to *scare* me, it was...
What, like, uh, like it feels like graduating or something?
But yeah, when Allie got back, she said… God what was it...
She said there are times in your life when you really *feel* older.
Like… your first real fight, your first real apartment… first person you really care about dies...
And you didn’t know how young you really were until those moments happen, you know?
But she-- Allie said there was a difference between “getting” older and “feeling” older…
And that I’d… “feel” older after tonight.
But now you do.
And it’s behind you.
I don’t know.
Oddly prescient that she’d say that, don’t you think?
Nah, she always likes to play fortune teller. But she joined a sorority, so… what does that tell you.
Ren, what’d she do here? What happened?
I dunno. She broke up with her boyfriend and went off to Amherst right after, so… who knows.
I don’t really feel like that. My first real fight I didn’t feel any older, I felt stupider.
I think feeling older is pretty much just like feeling stupider, so maybe she has a point.
But I mean she also said Wings was the best thing McCartney ever did, so take everything with a grain of salt.
Yeah, uh… this doesn’t sound too good.
Mayday, may- oh, crap, this isn’t-- Ren, this is just coming out of the speakers on the roof thing, it’s not--.
Well, now we know where the little moppets are.
Let’s huddle up, see how they’re doing.
Yeah.
Well… at least the important ones are safe.
Alex, c’mon.
Alright, if Ren and Nona are in the Comm Tower… just *where* did Clarissa hobble off to.
Let’s talk to Ren and Nona before we try and find her, cause… like, I don’t know, maybe they know something we don’t.
That was like two thirds a joke, c’mon.
Hey, no foolin’. We know of the five of us, Clarissa can take a lickin’ and keep on tickin’, so... we can safely assume *she’s* okay.
Ugh, my God, is this what I sound like?
How can anyone stand to listen to me all day?
Clarissa’s probably not doing too great right now.
Mayday, may- oh, crap, this isn’t-- this is just coming out of the speakers on the roof thing, isn’t it.
She’s adorable, isn’t she.
Yeah, those cheeks are just made for pinching.
Let’s see how she is.
And, uh, also give my lungs a breather... my stupid chest’s on fire for some reason.
Smoke’ll do that.
Yes it will.
Let’s huddle up, see how she’s doing.
Alright, so… if Nona’s in the Comm Tower, and we’re all with us… God, where Clarissa get off to.
Maybe Nona’s seen her on the way in, or… has a clue or something.
I’d think Clarissa would be with her, then, though, right?
I’m just… talking here.
Let’s see how they’re doing, before we… I dunno, I just want to take the breather.
[sigh]
If there’s a simpler way then let’s just do that and there might be, so… let’s just go to the gate.
It’s not-- it’s not even a real thing yet, and… there might be a *realer* thing by just like hopping the gate, so… let’s try that first.
Exactly.
To the Adler gate!
Okay, look.
I’m going to say I’m sorry now for what happened up there… but I do *not* want you take it as an admission of guilt.
But anyways, I wanna say I’m sorry, so…
Well, if you’re *going* to say you’re sorry, I guess… the floor is yours.
Alex, I am sorry.
So yeah, anyways, I’m sorry about what happened.
I really am.
How’s that.
It went a little farther than it should...
That distinction is important.
Cause… I don’t think anything I said was *that* off base.
Ummm… for being-- for *not* being the adult when the situation required someone to be.
And I guess for kind of… blaming Ren… for everything that’s gone wrong when that’s not entirely fair.
So, just… sorry for the whole thing, it-- *I* shouldn’t have gone in on Ren at all.
But anyways, I wanna say I’m sorry, so…
I’m sorry, I am. I didn’t mean it to… get that far.
Hey, I was just the girl on the sidewalk watching the car crash happen in slow motion.
But you should nip it in the bud with Ren when we get back, just say you’re sorry.
Fine, for you, I will apologize to Ren when I see him.
You like completely lost it up there! And for no reason either, I mean, we should be, like… in this together.
I know, I know, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to blow up.
Look, and I just wanna clear the air, too, just so Ren or whoever can’t use it as ammo against me, but...
The whole, “I went to jail,” thing?
You asked if I went to jail during the beach game?
You might have heard I went to, uh, jail at some point?
I never went to jail, but I did beat up a guy and get sent to juvenile detention for it.
And I just wanted you to know, so…
...it like wasn’t a thing hanging over your head or anything.
And it wasn’t-- wasn’t much of a fight, really.
Listen, I just want you to know that I *did* go to juvie for a couple months for a fight I got into.
Why’d you, uh-- why’d you do it?
Oh. So you’re a giant creep. What, did he like talk to your sister or something?
No no, it wasn’t like that.
And this… is the truth? You beat up a guy?
Yeah, that’s the truth.
And I just don’t want you to think that I’m like a psycho or anything.
And-- look, about the whole fight thing...
Just-- my mom got sick and then she got *real* sick, and… this *kid* Timmy Finster threw a baseball at my head, and *yes* he was joking, but… I don’t know, I just popped.
It was as stupid as it sounds.
And I’m not gonna defend myself.
Jonas, you *know* that’s no excuse for beating up some random guy. What'd he even do besides throw a baseball at you?
Nothing, that’s the thing. I mean, it was stupid.
You… lost control, Jonas. It... happens, we… break, sometimes.
What… happened to the other guy?
Hospitalized… not for a *while*, but… you know.
I tried to visit him… after I got out, but… he wouldn’t see me.
My Mom found out, of course, and I… I never really squared it with her in a way that… I don’t know.
Things never really work out the way you want, you know.
But whatever.
Are you… are you okay?
It’s not like I’m… *sick* or whatever, I’m fine. Now.
Yeah, well… you’re preaching to the choir on that one.
Sometimes they do. If you squint. Things line up, not always, but… sometimes.
But-- look, I don’t know why I did it and I didn’t learn anything and… and...
I’m not gonna say I’m a good guy, Alex. But I’m trying to be.
And that’s really about all I can say.
You *are* a good guy, Jonas. I’m a scary judge of people. I’m like a *bee*, I can sense stuff.
[light laugh]
But I’m serious now. You’re a good guy. Okay?
Alright.
Say it, “I’m a good guy.”
Okay, alright, I’m a good guy, let’s… move on.
You are. I mean it.
Just, you know… don’t attack me with a baseball bat or anything.
I know.
Jonas, I… just hope that’s enough.
No, Alex-- it’s-- we gotta go this way.
Alex, I think-- like, shouldn’t we go up to the Comm Tower and see how Ren and Nona are holding up?
Don’t you wanna see about your friends? We know they’re in Harden Tower, let’s check on ‘em.
Alex, c’mon, I wanna get to Nona and make sure she’s okay.
Alex, really-- like, pretend you *like* and *care* about Nona for two minutes and let’s go help her. She’s this way.
Alex? Are you alright?
Okay, you-- are you back? You’ve been acting *super* weird for like the last five minutes, do you-- do you know that?
I let it go for the first *two*, but…
Then it got… stranger.
I just wanna make sure you’re not about to, like, fall down or something.
Right? So you’re good?
But… really, are you doing okay, you really went… elsewhere for a second.
Uh, didn’t you notice I’ve been, like, *gone* for the past whoever knows?
I was just like leapfrogged back in time.
What?
Jonas, I just saw-- I think I just saw my brother.
What?
Where?
But really quick, back to the whole you having a, uh, stroke thing, just-- just poke me if you need to talk or something to stay up.
That’s what I’m here for.
I, uh-- I don’t know, what was I doing?
Uh, you kinda slowed down… then stopped. Then were just shuffling your feet like you forgot how to, actually… *move*.
And then you were kinda just muttering to yourself about, like, sandwiches or something?
But yeah, you just stopped talking or moving…
And then you were saying something about … food, or… something? You were talking about lunch or sandwiches.
Here? Is he--
Did you see him somewhere here?
What does that mean, was it here?
Just-- what are you talking about?
But Alex, seriusly, rewind… you just saw Michael?
I was… It was like those time loops we’ve been experiencing, right?
This was-- it’s like we’ve been having ripples and this was a *wave*, I was bumped *all* the way back to when Michael was still alive.
Just now?
Maybe it was… maybe it was an illusion or something.
Well.. wait, we don’t know that yet, just-- can you tell me what happened, what you saw?
*Alex*. Where did you see him? Is he here, is he not here?
You can’t say something like that and then not, you know, *explain*.
Okay, I-- I guess if you don’t wanna talk about it, fine.
The whole thing was a weird little show.
Like you were having a, uh-- a stroke or something.
I thought at first you were just transitioning into the delirious phase of the evening.
I, uh, I was?
*Yes*. You said it doesn’t matter *what’s* in it, potato chips *always* improve a sandwich. But it was to like yourself.
Whatever, as long as you’re back among the living, let’s just head to the-- the gate, try the radio.
I haven’t been talking about stupid *sandwiches*, haven’t you realized that I was *gone* for however long!
I went through another time loop thing!
Just now?
You’ve been here the whole time, I would’ve noticed if you’d blinked to some other existence.
But, uh, anyways, yeah, you’ve been walking with me the entire time, from Main Street here.
You really haven’t left.
Just been doing the-- the shuffling thing.
You haven’t gone anywhere.
So, I don’t-- I don’t know what you mean.
You might have *seen* me here or something but-- I mean, I don’t know how this time stuff works, and this was-- this was *real*, okay?
I believe you, I believe you, just-- what happened?
Wait, have I? You didn’t see me, uh, disappear for ten minutes or something?
Uhhh, no. But...
Can you maybe just tell me what happened?
I don’t remember being here at all. I-- I haven’t been here, I don’t know how else to say it.
Alright, well… can you, like, maybe just tell me what happened?
It was a day I can remember, actually, when… Michael and I spent a random Saturday on the beach here.
It was just unbelievable to-- to see him again.
Clarissa was there, too, it wasn’t just me.
Like, what did you see *exactly?*
Was he *here*, was he…
Just… what was it like?
Go back to what you said.
What happened.
Just, what did you see with Michael, really?
I still wanna-- I’m sorry, I have to know what happened with Michael, Alex, really.
Man.
Was it-- like, *good* to-- I don’t know how to say this without… I guess I just wanna make sure you’re alright.
But the Michael stuff… are you doing okay?
*Are* you alright?
It’s kind of a big thing to have happen, I just wanna make sure you're...
I dunno, that you’re okay.
No, it was-- it was good to see him. I’m… treating it like a-- a temporary gift. That’s all.
Okay.
It was… weird. I don’t know. I don’t know if it was a good thing… for me.
We’ll be out of here, soon, Alex. Don’t worry.
It just… sucks that he’s not-- that he’s not here, I guess. That’s all.
Well...
Hey, kid. What the Hell are you doing?
Are you alright? You’ve just been shuffling your feet back and forth and talking to yourself like you’re having a brain thing.
But no no I wanna settle the issue of, “Did Alex have a stroke or not.”
Are you doing okay?
I’m like seriously concerned here.
Are you feeling okay?
Or… no? Yes? Gimme something here.
What are you talking about?
You stopped walking, and then you just started *swaying* back and forth, and then you were like whispering about *sandwiches* or something.
But earlier, you were just-- like somebody’d pulled your motor out.
You were just shuffling your feet and talking about sandwiches in a low register.
The whole show was a little funny at first then really bizarre.
So are you okay?
It was fairly pathetic to watch, like a kitten getting rained on.
Feeling better?
Yeah, it was sad and a little scary to see.
Just-- as long as you got your wind back, it’s fine, let’s just get to the gate and try and use the new radio to get out of here.
I went through-- it was one of those time loop things.
Time loop thing?
But just lemme get the last word here on your weirdness, just-- don’t be weird.
And if you’re gonna be weird, lemme know so I can, like, help… or something.
But let’s just get back to the gate.
Ren, I just saw-- I think I just saw Michael.
How? Where?
But Alex, really, what are you talking about? You saw Mike?
Here? Is he--
Was it like a-- a- I don’t know what to call it.
What does that mean, was it here?
Was it-- did you *think* you saw him?
I was… it was like those time jumps we’re sometimes having, right?
Just now?
An illusion? I mean-- don’t fluff it off, just tell me what happened first.
*Alex*. What’s going on, where did you see him, how did it happen, I need-- I mean, give me something here.
Clarify. Please.
Alright, okay, let’s just get to the gate then. If you don’t wanna talk about it.
You’ve genuinely, honest to God been here the whole time, you never left, you never went anywhere.
But… yeah, I mean, just so you know, you’ve been here, really, the whole walk.
You did the-- the weird invalid thing.
But other than that….
You didn’t vanish or anything.
So, I don’t-- I don’t know what you mean.
I have no problem believing that something happened, tonight's the night for *things* to happen, just-- paint me a picture, here.
Not especially, no.
Can you maybe just tell me what happened?
Alright, well… can you, like, maybe just tell me what happened?
Just, wait… Michael. Go back to Michael. What happened.
Just so I can have an idea of what you’re talking about?
Like, just, what did you see, what went on.
Describe it for me.
Did you see him… here? Elsewhere?
Just… what was it like?
Just so I can have an idea of what you're talking about...
Wow. That’s-- yeah.
I don’t even-- like, is this a good thing? I don’t even know what this means.
But-- I’m sorry, seeing Michael… what was it like?
I’m like halfway between terror and-- and awe right now.
Like, what is this.
Just-- how are you doing, I guess...
This is a new level of level-headed, I think, congratulations. Man.
Yeah.
Let’s just meet up with the others... get out of here.
Well...
Alex? Are you-- alright, are you back with me now?
*Man*, you’ve been acting like a-- I don’t even know how to put it-- like a *bird*, just flitting around in circles for ten minutes
But, wait, I wanna-- I just wanna make sure you’re doing okay and not… doing *weird* anymore.
I was about to like slap you or scream or something.
It’s been not fun to watch in light of everything.
So… *are* you okay?
Or… approaching okay?
Huh? Back in time, what-- what are you talking about?
Well, let’s see, first you stopped walking, then you started spinning, slowly, like a dying top…
Then you were talking about sandwiches like in your sleep...
And-- I’m sorry, I just wanna make sure you’re okay, now, since… you were totally bug nuts earlier.
Shuffling, and slowly not walking, and… talking to yourself about sandwiches
I thought honestly I was watching your brain melt.
Not fun.
So… are you alright?
Like seriously alright?
Yeah, it was just like you-- you totally lost all your wind.
But… I mean, you seem okay now, so… let’s just get to the gate quick and do this thing and get home.
Time loop thing?
But just… if you feel like you’re gonna faint, shout or something, and, uh, I’ll fling my body on the ground to cushion your fall or something.
But let’s just get back to the gate before that becomes, uh, necessary.
Nona, I just saw-- I think I just saw my brother, Mike.
What? How?
Where, here? Is he--
Was it like a-- a- I don’t know what to call it, a *vision*
Was he-- was it here?
What happened?
But Alex, seriously, what do you mean you saw your brother?
Right now?
Well, maybe it wasn’t, maybe it was, like… a-- a real thing.
*Alex*. C’mon, what’s going on, you can talk to me. Draw me a picture here, what’s going on.
I wanna try and help, if I-- if I can...
Okay, I’m sorry, I don’t wanna pry or… push or anything, so… let’s just get back to the gate and see about getting home.
Really, you didn’t leave, we’ve been here the whole time, both of us. Well… you more physically than mentally, I guess, but...
But… yeah, I mean, just so you know, you’ve been with me the whole walk.
Other than that...
I don’t really know what to tell ya.
You didn’t blink out or disappear or anything.
The weirdest part was just you babbling to yourself.
I believe you, I believe you, I do, just give me some details here.
Nope. You’ve been right there.
Can you maybe just tell me what happened?
Alright, well… can you, like, maybe just tell me what happened?
What’d you see, what was it like?
What happened, basically?
Just, okay, for my own-- whatever, catalogue of tonight’s insane events, what happened with the Michael thing.
And… look, if you don’t wanna talk about Michael, I understand, but… you *did* say you saw him. Right?
You saw him, right?
Here? Or… no?
I can maybe help you sort it out…
Maybe.
Are you doing okay?
Something like that... I don’t know if I’d... like it.
I don’t know if I’d… like it.
But-- I’m sorry, after seeing Michael… are you doing alright?
Okay.
Yeah.
Let’s get to the gate. Get home.
Well...
Hey? Why aren’t you at the tower?
*This* one got a little antsy.
Weird stuff was playing on the radio! That voice said I had a “mother’s laugh,” what does that even mean!
*Anyways*... are we happy?
We’re happy. We got a new radio that’s supposed to open doors and gates in some magical way.
Oh, thank God, I was getting nervous that you would have walked all that way and then not found anything…
Seeing as how it *was* my advice to, uh, do the whole thing.
But it worked out, so great.
We think that’s how it works, anyway.
Terrific.
But anyways, yes, we did it, we got the thing to open the gate, it’s a new radio.
How have, uh, you two been? What am I working with here, how much *leering* am I gonna have to put up with.
Yeah, Clarissa’s… uh, gone, though.
Gone-- gone, like, *dead* or--
No, I guess there was a-- what did you guys call it, like a time… loop… thing?
She pretty much got transmogrified to someplace else.
It’s sad that any of those words make any sense to me, but--
Time looped away?
Teleported. I guess.
Some… weird stuff happened along the way, but… I mean, I guess whatever, that’s the new normal now.
“Weird stuff?”
And we can’t find Clarissa, so…
It’s not like we can leave, anyway.
Where is she?
We don’t know.
Well, if the radio’s the thing...
It doesn’t matter without Clarissa.
Sooo, *anyways*, Clarissa’s not here, which means we can’t leave yet.
Do I really have to point out that she’s not here?
Oh yeah, that’s… true, I suppose.
So I don’t really know what to do.
Clarissa’ll be fine, she’s-- She hitchhiked to Mountain View for that concert, remember?
This is a *little* different.
Yeah, should we maybe… look for her, possibly? Even if the boat plan works, we shouldn’t leave her here.
Look, we got the way in, let’s just... do what we meant to do and check to see if the boat works.
But not *leave*, yet, right?
Listen, if we have the *key*, which is apparently this radio, then let’s just go to the house and *see*.
And if it looks like we can leave that way then we’ll go on a Clarissa hunt.
Alright.
But yeah, let’s just go through the gate and snoop out the house and see about the boat.
And then, you know, go and see if Clarissa’s still alive somewhere.
I think you’re supposed to use the radio to “tune” into the gate, right, Alex?
So are you gonna try the gate thing or…?
If we’re still gonna go to the house, let’s do it. Try the radio, Alex.
Oh, good. You didn’t… die.
But we can open the gate?
Yes, that was a concern.
Well worry no more. We got the thing we need to do the thing.
It’s this cool new radio that I guess can open doors and crap with its, uh, mechano-ways.
Really?
Did you get it, did it work, do you hate me cause it didn’t work?
It worked, it worked, we got the-- well, actually, it turned out to be a radio, but-- I guess it can open doors and gates and stuff with different frequencies.
But anyways, yes, we did it, we got the thing to open the gate.
But yeah, we got what should hopefully work to open the gate.
Yeah, we think.
We can open the gate.
I think.
Good.
We think.
Awesome.
But yeah, we got what should hopefully work to open the gate.
Uh, cool.
How have you been? Any, uh, terror?
My “terror’s” been keeping at kind of at a mild simmer, so… it’s a win.
Clarissa still hasn’t turned up?
What weird stuff?
But If the radio’s the thing...
Wait, where’s Clarissa? We can’t leave yet without her.
Sooo, I was just saying or-- *gonna* say that Clarissa isn’t here, though.
We’ve been alright.
Better than it could’ve been, I guess.
No, she *did*, but… I guess she got like-- God this sounds insane but whatever-- possessed and *time looped* away...
We… did?
My memory got kind of jangled, but she was there, and then she was possessed and then she was-- what, Alex? Time looped?
Well, like, Clarissa *was* there, we had her, and then she wasn’t and we didn’t.
Clarissa sorta kinda got possessed and then disappeared off the face of the earth.
Possessed and what? “Time looped?”
Uh, teleported is probably more apt.
So, there is that.
What? Where is she?
We don’t know.
Oh, so there’s that.
What? Where is she?
Wellll… kind of.
But… not in the way you’d want.
Um, yes… but...
She kinda disappeared.
So I don’t really know what you wanna do.
Jonas, sorry pal, but that’s another five bucks you owe me.
I’m like fifty bucks behind, gimme a break.
How is that my fault!
Uh, you bet on whether or not we’d even make it back?
Yeah, but not for money. For dinner.
*Dinner!?*
Yeah, but like a fancy dinner. Steaks.
*Steaks!*
It doesn’t matter, what happened!
We got a-- a new radio.
Boy, you two are getting along *awfully* well for people in a world of garbage right now.
Well… silver linings.
Oh my God, I should have never left.
Well we can--
Wait, stop, why are you guys like laughing and talking and touching each other.
Touching each other?
With your words!
Ren, just-- what happened.
Uh, cool.
Then let's get out of here.
I’m glad we can leave, let’s put it that way.
Yeah, don’t even tip-toe in the vicinity of a joke right now. I just wanna get out of here.
Have you seen her or... heard from her?
Welll.... kind of.
But... not in the way you'd want.
Please have a boat, please have a boat, please have a boat.
Just think happy thoughts.
Yeah. Happy thoughts.
Cool.
Neat.
Wow.
I guess the radio will open this… somehow…?
Hopefully. Give it a whirl.
“Mrs. Hendricks, please tune to 55.6 to open.’'
Yeah, so… I don’t get it. I mean, my radio dial doesn’t even go that low.
It probably has to do with the island radio stuff… that’s all you hear about this place.
Yeah, I don’t get it either.
Huh. Pretty weird.
Cool.
Neat.
Wow.
Where you going?
I thought we… aren’t we sticking to the-- the find the boat and paddle away game plan?
Yeah?
I wanna find Clarissa before we even do this, it seems pointless without the whole bundle.
Find her *where*, we have *no* idea where she is. Or *I* don’t, at least.
I mean… if she wants to go, that’s alright. We’ll stay here.
I… guess.
Oh, I’m not leaving. Just, you know… doing my thing?
First of all, it’s “thang,” and secondly, what does that even mean?
Well, we’ll be here when you’re finished.
Maggie Adler left a bunch of mysterious mystery stuff all over the place and I’m not leaving until I get my hands on them.
*Seriously*? That’s, like, a concern?
*Okay*, but, uh, that kinda feels like a *morning* thing, but sure.
I guess… we’re just on your plan, then.
Alex? Alex, okay, are you-- are you back to normal?
No more, uh, weirdness?
Alex, are you understanding me?
Look, I think-- I’m sorry, but I think Ren might be in trouble.
Why?
I just saw-- it was like a premonition I think, and I know that sounds whatever but this must be what it’s like when people say they do that cause I kind of *saw* Ren *drowning*.
Okay, just take it easy for a second.
What happened?
That-- like, if I say why, you’ll think I’m nuts, so-- something just happened and I think he needs help.
It’s just-- it’s just a feeling I have, like-- I dunno, I just think he needs help right now.
Look, Alex…
You went all… red-eyed. Like... when we get possessed.
I… did?
You stopped walking, and started mumbling, and then your eyes lit up like little road flares.
It only lasted like a minute… but… we should hurry up and do this before the door on you opens any wider to them.
Uh oh. That’s not good.
I guess I’d been convincing myself I was immune because of my, uh, generally happy demeanor.
It only lasted like a minute… but… we should hurry up and do this before the door on you opens any wider to them.
I can’t let that matter right now. Ren-- look, I just know he needs me.
I mean, me seeing him in trouble must mean he’s, like, actually in trouble, right?
Not really, I think it’s just an effect of the, uh, possession or something.
Like, look, when I went under, I “saw” - but not really - *you* on the beach with a battleship.
Which up until now you you’ve somehow miraculously avoided…
So it was a little, uh, unnerving to see...
And it sure *felt* real.
But it’s not like any of it was really happening.
So.
Is that really what you saw when you were possessed?
Yeah, and I’m sure when it happened to him, Ren saw his own weird stuff, too, so... I dunno, but I think he’s okay.
Let’s keep on to the station. We can talk to him from there, anyway.
I guess… maybe… maybe he’s okay.
Yeah.
Let’s keep on to the station. We can talk to him from there, anyway.
No, we should go back, see if he’s doing alright, I’d just-- I’d feel better knowing that he’s not hurt or anything.
There’s not a lot of time left for-- I mean, okay, it’s closer to just keep going to the station where we’ll be able to talk to him from there anyway.
But I’m *sure* he’s fine, so... let’s finish what we started.
But… the thing with Ren, it was *so* real, it was like it-- I was *there*, with him.
Maybe we should go back?
Yeah, uh… let’s get this over with.
I just saw-- it was like a premonition I think, and I know that sounds whatever but this must be what it’s like when people say they do that cause I kind of just *saw* Ren *drowning*.
W-- What just happened? Did I black out or fall down or something?
Let’s keep on to the station. We can talk to them both from there, anyway.
No, we should go back, see if she’s doing alright, I’d just-- I’d feel better knowing that she’s not hurt or anything.
The thing I don’t get is… what if everyone at their respective “stations” were on like a lunch break or something when the bombs started falling?
What would open the door then?
I don’t think you’re allowed to take “lunch breaks” if you’re on active “nuclear annihilation” watch duty... so it probably’d never come up.
Okay, I’m gonna-- I’m just gonna say one thing and then I promise it’ll be the last time I bring it up tonight, but…
You know you screwed up with Ashley and the concert, right?
I mean, it’s not a *giant* thing.
But… still.
Huh? *I* didn’t screw up, how was I supposed to know her Mom was gonna call in the car *stolen*, I thought she had permission.
Gimme a break, even if you didn’t *know*, which, *c’mon*-- even if you didn’t know *that*, you still knew you didn’t have permission to go to the concert.
Who’s Ash-- oh, you mean, *Amanda*.
My *really good* friend, Amanda, who’s moving away *forever*, *that* Amanda?
Yeah, *that* Amanda, who stole her mom’s car.
And I don’t care if you didn’t know she didn’t have permission to take it, cause, whatever, *fine*... but you *knew* you didn’t have permission to go to that show.
What concert, it wasn’t-- you can’t call it a *concert*, it was like an all-day, all-night, like, *festival* with tents and like a *hundred* bands.
I don’t care if it had a *million* bands, Alex, Ashley had *stolen* her Mom’s car to go!
And I know you say you didn’t know that, which, whatever, but… you *still* knew Mom and Dad had barred you from going!
Okay, and I *know* you don’t wanna hear this from me, but I’m the big brother and it’s my job…
And I *know* you say you didn’t know that she had stolen her mom’s car to go to the show, but…
That doesn’t change the fact that Mom and Dad had told you you couldn’t go.
Just tell me it’s the last time I hear about you stealing a car...
It’ll be the last time, but… maybe not for the reasons you think.
I don’t really care about the reasons, just, for my own sanity, don’t do it anymore.
Nope, not promising that. What’s the point in living if not to boost cars for an underworld criminal empire?
I guess I can’t answer that.
Seriously, Michael, it was *not* my fault.
And Hell, I mean, we woulda probably even gotten away with it if not for that *sobriety* checkpoint.
Yes, that is definitely the lesson to take from all this. “Down with drunk stops.”
However inadvertently.
My little heart can’t handle the excitement.
Oh, and, uh, just so you know… I took your advice about Clarissa.
I’m not… gonna see her anymore.
Oh, and I, uh, I wanted to tell you…. after our talk, I don’t think I’m gonna see Clarissa anymore.
Oh, and I wanted to say, um-- *per your advice*, I’m gonna-- I think I’m gonna really, um, like *commit* to Clarissa.
Oh, and I wanted to mention that… I know you to told me to just do what I wanted, and… I thought about it…
And I think I’m gonna really, uh, *commit* to Clarissa.
I don't know... I don’t know if it ever really felt right.
That sounds dumb like I’m “pinning” her or something.
But you-- you know what I mean.
Oh. Sorry.
It’s okay. I think she’s great, but… maybe there wasn’t enough… something there.
Oh. Uh, how’s she taking it?
Better than I thought she would, honestly, but… I don’t know. I’m still waiting for the other shoe to drop.
Maybe… I dunno, maybe give it a shot. I mean, you guys must have dated to start for a reason, right?
No, I think it was the right call. And… like, even if I wanted her back, I think she’d… see me differently now.
It’s pretty well and broken.
But I dunno, that might just be me justifying it afterwards, ya know?
“Commit?” What does the Hell does that mean, you’re in *high school*.
I know, I know, I sound like I’m forty, but I’m just-- I don’t wanna-- it’s not gonna be “casual,” anymore, it’s gonna be a thing, a real thing.
That’s all, so… just get used to her, that’s all I’m saying.
Wow. Big man on campus! I don’t know why I said that. Big step, that’s what I mean, big step.
Ehh, it’s not that big of a deal. I’m just letting you know, so… I dunno, I don’t know why, I just wanted to tell you.
Maybe… uh… think about that… for like a little bit?
Oh my God, you sound like my guy friends. “Play the field!”
I like her, Alex, I like her a lot, I don’t want her to get away, so… get used to her.
C’mon, let’s get to the Sentry before the last boat comes.
I gotta get the, uh, the visual aid for the history project.
She’s depressed all the time, I really didn’t want this to make it worse.
[big sigh]
Okay, here we go.
Alright, visual aids for the history project. Check.
Now I just gotta write the stupid essay.
What history project? They still make you do, like, *work* with so little left in the year?
Unfortunately.
Ugh, Michael, c’mon, you’re graduating in like three months. Shouldn’t you be coasting?
Hey, I *am* coasting, this just happened to be slightly fun.
This is-- it’s just like a town history thing for Civics, you know.
So it’s forced me to kinda… I dunno. And I mean, it’s funny, I dunno if I even wanna be here next year.
Really? Why leave? I mean, yeah it can suck sometimes, but it’s pretty much like everywhere else.
This is gonna sound weird, but… everybody knows me here.
Well… if you *leave*, I’d certainly miss you.
Yeah, I know, I’d miss you, too. It’s just that everybody here knows me, you know?
But everybody loved-- everyone *loves* you here, you’re like-- I mean, you should hear how the teachers talk about you!
I *know* how they talk about me. It’s like if I don’t become a billionaire president their life has been wasted.
It’s just all so… flat.
The same people, the same expressions.
I know you think I have it on easy street, but… people looking at you all the time, wanting *evidence* that it’s *good* that they lived here, that *good things* can happen to people that are from here...
It can get to be a real drag.
Like, how ‘bout somebody *else* be Captain of whatever for once.
Give me a rest.
Oh, get off it! I would *love* if people gave me the benefit of the doubt even *once*, but...
No. What do I hear? “Alex got the ‘weird genes’.”
Well, you did get Mom’s creepy ankles, so…
You were-- *are* great, though. And… and you’re gonna be great, whatever you do. I’m... sure of it.
You got spunk, kid.
[laughs]
Just don’t put so much pressure on yourself, Michael.
Who cares what they think, you’re gonna-- You’re gonna do what you’re gonna do.
I’m gonna do what I’m gonna do, yes I will.
Eh, whatever, I don’t mean to whine.
Let’s head back before Karen strands us here.
You know, when we saw Uncle Pete last month… I wanted to ask him, cause he-- he “got out,” moving to New York.
And I asked him if it was hard? Leaving?
Know what he said?
Uh, it was hard?
I mean, knowing Uncle Peter he was probably three sheets to the wind…
Uh, it was easy?
Oh God, Michael, I have no idea.
He said… the hardest part was deciding what to take with him. And what to leave behind.
I thought it was… I dunno, for *him*...
Kind of almost touching.
Oh my, how profound! I can’t believe Uncle Pete’s a mere failed actor and not teaching Philosophy at Berkeley!
Oh shut up.
Well *I* coulda told you that!
When *we* moved from the upper west side I cried for *weeks* that I’d given away my Chunky Monkey doll to charity!
Yeah, biggest mistake of your life, I’m sure.
Huh. That’s actually… that’s not bad.
I cannot believe I had to go pick you up from the police station because of *grand theft auto*, I mean, that is too funny.
Oh, shut up!
Oh, stop it!
[laughing a little more]
[pleased sigh]
Yeah, yeah, whatever, man.
And then I just gotta write the stupid essay.
Uh, let’s head back before Karen strands us here.
Alex!
Shut up, shut-- Ugh.
Stop it, stop-- Ugh.
You got-- you know, you went... *bad* again.
I saw-- I saw Michael again. I just-- I’m sorry, when I’m there, I just get sucked into it like… *nothing’s* happened.
God. Great, again.
I’m fine, let’s-- we can go, let’s go.
C’mon, it’s alright. I think I can hear Ren and Nona down there.
I couldn’t get you out of it.
We should really-- we should get this done, now.
Just don’t say anything to them, okay.
This is-- it’s just like a *trial period*, like... buying a used car that I can already tell is missing *alot*.
What, I know, I’m cool.
So don’t get, like, overly excited.
I’m not excited, this is just-- this is how I normally stand.
Alright, but seriously, just don’t say anything, okay.
I’m not, I won’t.
What’s there to even say.
This is-- please, this is like nothing to me.
Okay.
Say anything about what? What are you guys talking about?
Hey! Secrets secrets are no fun unless you share with *everyone*! What is it, reveal yourselves!
Okay, you know, *sound* carries pretty well out here, you might as well be playing a *banjo*, but… whatever it is, we don’t care.
Hey guys. Good job on the, uh--
We’re dating, we’re dating, Nona and I, we’re gonna date.
Ren! Dude, *what* did I *just* say!
Maseltov on the happy couple!
Thank you!
No. Stop.
Really? Him? You? Is this like a cancer kid, last request sort of thing…
What?! No!
How-- seriously, how can you even *think* about hooking up at a time like this.
We might not even be in control of our own *bodies* in like ten minutes.
Exactly! Gotta get it in under the wire.
No, it’s nice. I’m glad to know, it’s good.
It’s *one* date, at the revival theater.
We’re just gonna sit quietly, in the dark, and watch a documentary on Bosnian genocide.
Aww, how cute. The Riviera’s a great movie house.
And the ushers can’t tell where you’re putting your hands if you sit in Row G, by the way.
Please don’t tell him that.
Uh, cool. I’m guessing that this was Nona’s idea.
Hey, I gave him a choice. It was either this or volunteer at that animal shelter that only keeps frenzied possums.
Well, hey, on my first date with my ex I accidentally impaled her with a pool cue.
So… It’s nice when there’s nowhere to go but up.
Anyways, I… know it’s stupid to be… *planning* or whatever for this, but…
I dunno, I just feel like maybe it’s not… *that* insignificant… or whatever.
I dunno, I just felt like… he knew I was open to it, so… why wait to plan, whatever.
His sheer relentlessness for some dumbass reason worked for me, so... whatever.
I dunno, he’s been a nice change of pace from the usual humpers, so… I dunno, whatever.
I dunno, Alex, you kinda helped push me a little… and, so, you know, whatever.
Well, I’m taking full credit for this blossoming… something.
As well you probably should.
Okay, well, I’m happy for you but we still have the little issue of submarine ghosts to, uh, exorcise.
Yeah, *that* thing.
Good, I’m glad, this is-- I mean, at the very least I’ll get to hear embarrassing stories, so.
“Whatever,” truly the language of love.
Shut up, you know what I mean.
Romantic.
Hey, one man’s depressant is another chick’s upper.
This will not be a upper.
What? They asked!
Right? You asked.
[angry sigh]
Wait, I have news.
Well, you *shouldn’t*, but… whatever.
No, I just always do the poster. I mean, you get the option, right?
The-- there’s an option to make a *poster*?
Oh definitely. Whose class are you in?
Miss Underhill’s.
Ohhh, if you get-- no, actually it’ll still work, even with her.
No way.
Yes way, it’ll work, trust me.
It’ll sound, like, ridiculous as you’re saying it, but, I can attest.
And it’s triply better than having to actually read the thing.
Oh my God.
Yeah, but the trick is you have to claim you’re a “kinesthetic learner.”
“I have to make something with my hands, professor, or,”--
Oh my God, that’s insane.
What are you talking about?
Oh, uh, end of semester Finals, AP English?
You can game the system and instead of writing a report, all you have to do is draw a poster of a fake book cover.
Is the Bomb Shelter open? Did it work? I hope it worked, please tell me it worked.
Oh, yeah, it sprung open.
But Ren, wait, seriously, in *AP* English, all you had to do was make a fake book cover *poster* at the end of the semester?
You guys, uh, doing okay?
Yeah, everything went fine.
Hey. Everything good?
Who-- wh-- *that’s* what you’re talking about right now? How to cheat in *AP English*?
Yeah. What else would we be talking about?
[laughing]
Yeah, I think you can worry about that *after* we’re off the island, Ren.
No, I need to worry about it now.
Why?
Cause I left my book on the ferry.
Yeah well I’m a real nutcase.
That’s… that’s pretty, that’s good. You got moxy. I’ll have to do that next year.
Well, I dunno. I kinda maybe ruined it for the rest of you since I used that excuse in like five classes already.
Yeah, it’s-- we’re fine.
Yeah, *that’s* what we’re talking about, it’s the end of the damn world and I wanna chat about something *normal* for our last few breaths.
Okay, okay.
I don’t even know what to say.
[sigh]
Custer’s last stand style.
That Contessa who farted on her death bed, just like who cares.
Let’s do it, screw it.
Uh, so, if this thing doesn’t bend right, this might be, like, the last time any of us are… *us*, so… I don’t know.
It’s been… fun.
In a really, really, *really* strange way… I guess it has.
Let's just say... “It’s been nice knowing you.”
It’s been nice knowing you.
Hey, everybody, we’re not dead yet. So let’s not act like it.
Yeah.
Let’s just say, “We’ll see you later.”
See you later.
It’s been nice knowing you.
It’s been nice knowing you.
C’mon, let’s take a picture, really quick.
Ren, no--
Just, really quick.
Oh my God, *why*? We don’t have to document every single particle of our experience!
That’s very true, but this isn’t a normal particle, and… if something crazy happens I want my parents to be able to see my last moments, alright?
*Really*? Now? Right before…. who knows what?
Yes, really. Now. Right before “who knows what,” we’re all gonna take one last photo of the *real* us.
Yeah, let’s do it. We’re on a beach… kind of. Let’s keep a shred of normal, here.
Alright, let’s take it.
Alex, get in here.
You’re not getting out of it.
I don’t care if you think your hair looks pointy.
C’mon, one last shot.
Alex, really, you’re in this with us.
Before you, uh, go... we should.... like, just in case our families...
What are you talking about.
We should take a picture.
I-- I wanna get this off my chest, just… something happened to us tonight, Alex, something… broke.
I don’t know if it was the ghosts or whatever but… you have been acting, like, *not* you.
I get what he’s saying. Let’s do it. Really quick.
I wanna do it. Okay? We’ll do it quick.
Fine, whatever.
Really. A picture.
I *know*, but… we just don’t know what’s gonna happen.
Ren…
No, I just-- I don’t know.
Ren, are you-- *this* is what you wanna tell me before we go in there?
I know, I’m sorry, it’s just been--- it’s just been a crappy night, I don’t even know what I’m saying.
Well… I’m… sorry. I don’t-- I don’t know what else to say, really.
I’m sorry, I don’t know why I’m even saying this right now.
Well, I tried, I mean… I don’t know what else I could’ve done, man, this night has been… awful, non-stop, it was a lot to juggle.
I know, I don’t-- I don’t know why I’m even saying this now, I’m sorry.
This is stupid, but… can we, like, take a picture?
Why?
I dunno, in case things go bad and…
Somebody finds it or-- or something…
We’re running out of time as it is, Nona, can’t we do a photo-op if we all, like, survive?
No, c’mon, let’s do it. It’ll just take a minute.
Yeah, before who knows what, that’s-- that’s like why I wanna do it, I think.
C’mon, let’s do it.
Just make it quick.
Yeah.
Alex, c’mon.
Okay, I guess, let’s do this.
Hey, if I’m not getting out of this, *you’re* not getting out of this.
Ren, are you-- *this* is what you wanna--
Uh. Sure.
I wanna take a picture, seriously.
This is important, just-- just you’ve been completely… like I can’t even remember why we started hanging out.
I just don’t know what’s happened.
Alex, man... that was like... *evil*.
Yeah, *first* you kill your own brother, and now you *bump off* Clarissa because -- what -- she doesn't sit with you at *lunch*?!
Hey, slow--
Shut up! Shut up when I’m talking, *I’m* talking now!
Hey, I’m not a--
I’m-- I’m sorry, okay, I didn’t--
*Know* that you are still going into that Bomb Shelter and you are still going to use your dumb little radio and you are *still* gonna do whatever you have to do to *bring Clarissa back*, okay?
You dye your hair because you pretend to be sad.
But then you act all high and mighty even though you're *worse* than *anyone*...
You might have *thought* you found some *shortcut* here…
But you *didn’t*.
I don’t know why this has to be said!
I know, I know, I know, I didn’t-- I wasn’t thinking clearly, I’m-- I’m sorry, I’ll fix this, I’ll get her back.
Yeah, I know you are.
Guys, we can just leave, we can *totally* leave, that-- that’s what this is all about! We’re saved.
Jesus.
We’re not leaving. None of us.. are leaving.
Yeah, Alex, this is… we have to get Clarissa back.
I did it for you, alright! Do you really think I’d throw Clarissa down to the pits of Hell if I didn’t think it would save the *rest* of us!
If… If I *have* to, if it’ll make everybody get off my *back*.
*Oh my God*, are you--
It’s okay, it’s fine, she agreed, we’re doing it.
[annoyed grumble]
Okay, we’ll-- okay.
No, you’re gonna listen to me, *first*.
Really? You're not gonna need, like...
Yeah, you’re not gonna need help?
Alright.
We are?
Wait, we’re not… going with you…?
It’s gonna be morning soon, there’s gonna be boats, and… if we screw up, maybe there’ll still be a chance for you guys to get picked up.
We’ll be back.
Oh, I know.
Oof, okay, I-- alright.
I’m coming with you, you know.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, there’s no point in all of us crawling into the lion’s den.
Alright.
That… *might* not matter. If we get, like, *switched*--
They call it “last ditch,” for a reason. It’s because there’s nothing left.
So, c’mon.
Maybe they should come. I mean, we don’t know what’s gonna happen down there.
Exactly. We don’t know what’s gonna happen, and in case everything gets screwed up royally, this way, we have a, uh, eleventh hour hail mary.
We’ll be fine. And if we’re *not* fine, wave over a boat. And if you don’t see a boat, swim.
Good luck, Godspeed, fare thee well, break a leg, and, uh, just... lemme know how it goes.
I have a feeling like you’ll know.
Will do!
Nona.
Yeah?
Uh… hold me to that-- that dinner I owe you, okay?
Uh. O-- okay.
Oh, *c’mon!*
I knew it! I knew it all along that you had a little-- you know, a little woo woo for her, I knew it.
It’s dinner, one dinner, calm down.
Yeah, dinner, that’s all. So my stomach can stop strangling my heart now.
Yes. So.
You could’ve, I dunno, waited until someone wasn’t standing right here, you know…
Yeah. *Someone*.
Aw. How cute. Send me a postcard from the restaurant.
On your first friggin’ day you gotta swoop in and take the *one* girl who played bagpipes in the talent show!?
Once we’re in there, the door won’t open again since the system’s so convoluted, so… make sure you’re ready to finish this before we go inside.
Once we’re in there, the door won’t open again since the system’s so convoluted, so… make sure you’re ready to finish this before we go inside.
Just go, okay.
Is the-- can you, like... I wanna just do this.
Okay, we’ve blabbed enough, let’s get in there.
Guys? Guys!
Oh my God, Jonas. They’re-- this is *wrong*, it’s like-- they’re really gonna do it.
Let’s go, let’s-- maybe there’s still time.
Maybe there’s still time, let’s just do this thing now.
I know, but-- but what about the Adler notes? Don’t those-- won’t those help?
I don’t know how they would, but… if you wanna get those, uh, we should hurry.
God, this is-- we have try the cave thing, like, now.
Know what time it is?
It’s four in the morning.
Why? Starting to get sleepy?
Doesn’t your phone just have a clock?
Which is usually about the time everyone decides if they’re going to bed or ordering another three pizzas.
Yeah? What’s your vote, usually?
Usually, I’m asleep at eleven with my hand half dunked in the chip bowl.
Never leave pizza on the table.
It’s like getting eleven in blackjack, just double down, don’t even think about it.
See, me? I’d usually convince everyone to stay up… and then fall asleep pretty much immediately after.
But they’d get me back. You know.
I’d check mine but ever since we’ve been jumping in and out of *loops* or whatever we’re calling them, it’s been acting just, uh…. weird.
“French fries with ice cream,” *good*-weird or like, “Five nuts in one peanut,” kinda *scary*-weird...
Um, somewhere in-between?
It’s no big deal, it’s just acting like I dropped it or something.
Are you feeling okay? Sleepy?
I’m starting to feel it, yeah, but… I don’t know how much of it is the adrenaline wearing off or the body switching thing…
I’m tired, too. Typically if I’m up this late it meant I slept through half the school day or something.
Well, buck up. Once we open the door, go into the cave, tune into the thing… this long gross ordeal will be over.
C’mon, just a little more adventure, I know you got it in ya.
I think I’m at surplus levels at this point.
You think this tuning into the tear thing is gonna work?
Yes. Undoubtedly, without doubt… absolutely. It’s gonna work.
Well I’m glad you’re confident. Cause I… just have this feeling like... these ghosts aren’t really concerned.
It really doesn’t matter if I think it’s gonna work. It’s sort of all we have and we’re running out of time.
It *is* all we have, yeah, I just-- I just wish I felt like the ghosts were… concerned… that their plan won’t work.
To be fair here, I really only understood like… six, uh, twelfths of this whole… scheme, so…
Six twelfths, well… that’s better than me.
I just kinda wish that I felt like the ghosts were just... a *little* concerned that their plan won’t work…
I just kinda wish that I felt like the ghosts were… just a *little* concerned that their plan won’t work…
Yeah, well you know who else was confident? *Hitler*.
And look how he ended up. Dead, with syphilis.
Uh, true.
Jonas, they should be concerned, they should be... *scared*. And that’s on them if they’re not.
Alright, good to hear.
Jonas, don’t worry about that. We don’t know what they’re thinking apart from the… “I wanna live in you,” thing.
I’ll try not to worry.
But maybe that’s just me.
In, uh, that situation.
It won’t really give me the right time.
Or, like, work really at all.
That might be doing a number on me.
Who knows.
Really?
I just feel like they’re… pretty confident..
Like they know by sunrise they’re all gonna be shopping for school supplies.
Jonas, we keep-- I know you can’t tell, but we keep time jumping, it’s getting… it’s just not good, that’s all.
[big sigh] Okay, well… let’s hurry up, then, try and do this and… get out of here.
Huh, it’s locked again.
Maybe it only unlocks from the other side? I guess it doesn’t matter, there’s another way in.
I have an idea, Mr. Jordan…
Jonas!
Oh no, c’mon, Jonas, don’t turn freaky now.
What? Who are you talking about?
Okay, okay, okay, I’m-- Jesus Christ, I really hate that.
Couldn’t we have him reborn?
But I’m… I think it’s…
I think it’s like reset.
But, uh… I’m… sorry I went a bit off there again.
It’s like impossible to control when they want to post up shop.
It’s *super*, just, *annoying*.
Are you… okay now? Really?
Yeah, I, uh, think. It’s just…
It’s getting worse, Jonas.
The sun’s coming up soon, I think we’re running out of time.
Yeah, um...
What does it… like, what does it *feel* like… when that happens?
I just-- you just forget stuff, really. Like... what you're supposed to be doing, or...
I usually forget my Dad’s name, to start.
But, uh, yeah it just feels like you’re forgetting everything you know, really.
But you, like, see stuff, right? Like, when I saw Michael on the beach and you--
Yeah, I see stuff, but it’s like, I dunno-- they’re like dreams, they just *dissolve* when I’m back.
And then it snowballs into not remembering how to walk or talk.
And then you pass out.
One little… memory at a time.
Well that is… quite weird.
Look, it’s *scary*, needless to say, when I, like, *drown* or whatever in my own body, and… it’s starting to feel like… just--
Like, how do I say this…
Cause I don’t wanna--
This isn’t a big, like, *thing*.
It’s okay, Jonas, just say what’s on your brain.
I just wanna say...
I just, I-- I think it would’ve been cool us living together, for… for whatever, senior year.
You got… some kind of a streak in you, and, I, uh, I just think I would’ve liked us living together, for… for whatever, senior year.
I just, I-- I think it would’ve been, uh, interesting us living together, for… for whatever, senior year.
And I’m just… glad I met you, that’s all.
So, yeah, I only wanted to say before anything else happens that… I’m just glad we met.
I’m just glad we met.
So… that’s all.
Awwwww, Jonas. You big sap.
Okay, alright, that was it, that's all, nothing to see here.
I’m... glad, too, okay? So there, it’s out in the open, we’re both glad.
Okay, good, that’s it.
Well… c’mon, of course you are, Jonas. I’m, like, thoroughly awesome.
Yeah, right.
And now we can go back to the whole escaping and trying to live another day thing.
And we’re gonna be *fine*, by the way, there’s no-- you don’t have to put it like, “It *would’ve been* whatever to live together.”
We *are* gonna live together, and you’re someday soon gonna eat all the peanut butter, and when I go to make a sandwich, I’m gonna be mad.
Alright.
Yes. Let’s finish strong now, no half-assedness at the end.
Okay, I have a time limit for rambling nonsense, so let’s pick it up a bit.
My, uh… my grandmother outlived my grandfather by a few months, and, uh, when it was the hardest on her, you know, she said it was like living always just before dawn.
When everyone’s asleep and you feel totally by yourself and… it’s just you and your… regrets.
I just… we should *not* do… the Clarissa “plan.”
It’s… too late, Jonas, even… even *if* I thought I’d made a mistake, it’s-- it’s too late now, I’ve “committed,” alright?
It’s not too late, Alex. It’s not too late until it’s too late, and… she’s still out there.
Think about it.
We can get her back. We can-- we should get her back, it was just a-- I made a rash decision and it’s not morning yet and-- we can get her back.
Good. Yeah… good. We have to.
It’s for the best, Jonas, alright? You don’t know-- *we* don’t know what would’ve happened otherwise.
We can just go to the boat and go *home* now.
Alex… just… just think about it.
Alex… just… just think about it.
She called ‘em, “concerns.”
But that’s what she meant. Regrets.
Yeah, when, uh, everything happened with Michael it was… yeah, I know the feeling.
I was always more of a night owl... If I see the sunrise I must have done something fun to deserve it, right?
I’m not-- that’s not the point of…
It’s not a good idea.
It’s not good at all.
This isn't like a big thing... but...
Jonas, why are you telling me this.
Ugh… whoa… I don’t feel… this is weird, my legs feel like butter or something.
Uh, yeah, we’ll-- [sigh] let’s just get through.
Ugh, why-- why is *this* all wrong, now?
Yeah, I don’t, uh, feel great, but… it’s… [sigh] we’ll make it through.
Ugh, what is that?
Can anyone hear me? Anybody?
Clarissa?
Damn it, is-- is this thing working? If anybody can hear me, I'm at Fort Milner, in the, uh... I think-- crap, I think in the *gym* or something…
Is anyone out there? I don't know how to-- I can't find an open--
I was worried honestly that she, uh, might have left.
She got the radio working, at least.
Ugh, call *out*, stupid, don’t just broadcast it to the people trapped here.
Guys? Alex? Alex, if you can hear this, can you--
Well, she’s around here somewhere.
I was worried honestly that she, uh, might have left.
She sounded... weird. Like not just staticky weird.
It could be the system or the, uh, whatever, just the equipment making her sound… deformed.
You don't know what you're talking about do you.
Not at all.
Or I guess maybe she’s just scared. Like why would she be asking for *me* of all people unless she was in trouble?
Look, I think we can *all* be included in whatever definition of *trouble* there is, so...
She sounded sorta scared… like, in dire straits, actual trouble right now scared?
She *is* so annoying, God.
Even when like… even when like the *craziest* crap is swirling around like a friggin’ poop tempest she still finds a way to be annoying.
That’s a-- it’s a skill, at least.
Wellll since we’re kind of already *here*, and... she does have a working radio… might as well find Clarissa first, I guess.
What if they just *said* it was decommissioned…
And, there’s, like… still people, like, in there… doing stuff.
Like, what if there’s some… uh, experimental, uh… *program* or something.
And we’ve been catching like little… slivers of it.
But really what if this is like an Area 51 and they’re doing secret stuff here.
It would at least *kind of* explain what’s going on, right?
It would at least *kind of* explain what’s going on, right?
Clarissa!
Where are you!
What the Hell?
What the Hell?
This is... I mean...
Well, she’s around here somewhere.
You know… we should still help Ren. I know, like, we’re *here* or whatever but… we should maybe stick to the original plan still.
Hey, doesn’t matter to me, we’re gonna have to find everybody at some point.
You know what, we’re… here, we should just, like, *collect* her first. Ren can wait and he’s all the way on the other side of the island.
Let’s just ignore the question, and...
Thank the weird radio men for the door.
Ren said something about… Fort Milner being decommissioned, right?
But… and hear me out… What if it isn’t?
Nope. Decommissioned since 1974.
They didn’t have any use for a billion dollar defender of *Willamette Valley*. Go figure.
Yeah, but what if they just *said* it’d been decommissioned since 1974.
What are you even talking about right now.
I *think* if they had alien autopsies or... whatever you’re suggesting is happening in there we’d have been taken out by snipers about fifty paces back.
Maybe. But listen, like, what if…
Just what if all the stuff that’s happened to us, the stuff we’ve been seeing, is like… the direct result of like some government *secret project*...
No *way*, Jonas, c’mon. Conspiracies are comforting because, they… they explain what can’t be explained.
Well there *is* an explanation. I mean, no matter how ridiculous, there *is* one.
Whatever.
And it’s not that.
Sure. I mean, I’m… kind of in no place to toss aside *any* reason for what’s been going on, so. Yeah, it’s the government, let’s go with that.
It’s just my going premise right *now*, so… keep a tally.
It’s just my going premise right now, so...
*Secret project?* Like what, they finally harnessed the power of--
Mind control? Yeah, mind control, they’ve, uh, they’ve made a mind control machine and, uh…
And we’ve all been suffering like a collective mirage.
That’s not that far-fetched.
Or uh… something.
But yeah, what about-- the project is like a telepathy ray…
It’s been *real*, Jonas. Everything. This hasn’t been a delusion.
Yeah. Well… we’ll see, I guess, won’t we.
Yeah, that would be great wouldn’t it? If none of this has happened, it’s just been some kind of fever dream from an experimental Acid Trip Bomb.
I don’t know about “great,”, but… it’d be nice to know.
Yeah, I’m not buying this theory, sorry.
Okay, well, I can’t promise I won’t gloat when we stumble upon the laboratory.
You can gloat, it’s okay, you’ll have earned it.
I’m gonna take your silence as *stunned* silence and tacit agreement. Just so you know.
But really what if this is like an Area 51 and they’re doing secret stuff here.
Clarissa!
Clarissa!
Oh, forget it.
That won’t help.
Wait.
Yeah. Yeah, I guess not.
Oh, when I start calling out, then forget it.
Okay, your voice is a little annoying when you yell but that’s not why I said forget it.
Oh, aren’t you scared about the *Illuminati* or whatever having their secret government meeting about their secret army of Frankensteins.
Yes, a little, but… the faster we find her, the faster we can leave.
Dinner time! It's never too late to make dessert! Not anymore--
What the Hell is this?
Is this like Clarissa screwing with us or something because… this is really not cool.
I don’t think that’s Clarissa. Not that I wouldn’t put it past her to ever do something like this, but...
Do you want to play a game?
Alright, I know the answer’s “No,” but… we kinda *do* have to find Clarissa, so.
Wait, seriously? Doors that open themselves have been, like, a really bad thing in my experience.
Oh really? Even automatic doors like in supermarkets?
I got my elbow pinched in one of those one time so yes even those.
And I’m sure it was traumatizing but we gotta go anyway, sorry.
I guess…
I rest my case.
Sure.
“Photography prohibited.”
That is a very... *serious* sign. “Restricted.” “Keep Out.”
They’re not messing around.
Does the... the fine print says something about being *shot*?
Yeah, that sign’s old. Like, back when we were fighting *Nazi’s* old.
Still. It’s a little disconcerting...
Eh, nobody cares anymore. There isn’t a guard or anything, it’s just a bunch of empty warehouses.
You’ve been inside?
Like, you’ve done this before?
Eh, don’t worry about it. Kids do this all the time. The worst that happens is you snag yourself on a nail or something and have to go get a tetanus shot.
Uh, not me, personally, but... a bunch of others have snuck in. It’s no big deal.
I guess I should say I’ve heard that nobody really cares. I haven’t been here myself.
“Yes, I’ve done this *many* times, Jonas. You’re perfectly safe.” “Thank you, Alex.”
Ahh!
You’re like a bird magnet.
[deeply disgruntled sigh]
Oh, c’mon! Twice?!
I’m gonna‐‐ just‐‐ flip out on somebody.
Well let it be Clarissa when we find her.
I’m gonna‐‐ just‐‐ flip out on somebody.
“Do not enter without permission of the Installation Commander.”
Whatever you say, sign.
See that sign?
They were originally gonna make this whole place into a museum... but quit halfway through.
It doesn’t look very, uh, *safe*, so... I can understand why.
Spooky.
Yeah.
You ever fired a gun?
No. Never really wanted to, either.
Yeah, me neither. My grandfather had a, uh, a snub‐nosed Centennial? Even small, they’re heavy. I never liked it.
Why not? Isn’t that like a guy thing? Cowboys and gangsters?
I can’t ride a horse and banks make me nervous. I like football. I think that’s enough.
I dunno. If you ever get the chance... it’s pretty fun. It’s like a toy that can kill.
Uh, great.
It’s like‐‐ it’s not locked, there’s like something blocking it.
Clarissa!
She wouldn’t’ve barricaded herself inside, right? I mean, what do you think?
Keep looking?
Maybe? I don’t know. If she was panicky enough, she might’ve.
Well, I guess there has to be a way through somehow.
I think I hate her.
And to think, you chose her over Ren!
Hey, we already did Ren. That’s like eating your cake and saving your broccoli.
Yeah, I’m an idiot, alright, what do you want from me.
She has a walkie talkie!
I know, I know.
Yeah, I’m an idiot, alright, what do you want from me.
I think... we should keep looking.
You are probably right.
Let’s just keep checking. Maybe the radio will pick up something.
I think she’s here.
Really? I mean... the door could be blocked by anything, it... it could have been blocked before she even got here.
Right?
I don’t know.
I just... I dunno, I just have a hunch about this one. The rest are too...
I just... I just have a hunch about this one.
Oh you mean the *only* door we’ve checked, alright.
Gross.
For Clarissa, I mean.
Like, I dunno... too locked, if... that makes sense.
It doesn’t, but..
Okay. Let’s find a way in, I guess.
I’m tired of looking. C’mon, this building’s good as any.
But we can’t get in.
There has to be another way, there’s always another way. There’s a will, there’s a way.
Oh God.
That’s not the spirit that beat the Germans!
Oh God.
Maybe you’re right. Let’s keep going door to door. Not unlike Bible salesmen.
And, I mean, we got the radio, too, maybe we’ll pick up her signal again.
Let’s just keep checking. Maybe the radio will pick up something.
The light’s, uh, on…. gotta mean something, right?
Something good?
Oh wait, Clarissa still needs our help. We should find her at least before we head back out.
Alex, no, we can’t-- we gotta find Clarissa first. She has a radio, remember?
That light... for some reason it reminds me of the cave...
Huh?
At least we know that Clarissa’s still here.
No, it really isn’t.
Hey! Whaddyaknow! She *is* in that building!
Yeah, like I *said*.
Alright, don’t walk angry, now.
And bingo was his namo.
Hey, we know where she is now she’s doing something right.
True.
Okay. Well. Moving on.
Uh. Yes. Let’s.
This is so completely nuts.
Oh, no no no no.
Ugh, no, no no, c’mon, don’t be locked.
Don’t be locked. C’mon.
Ugh. Really?
Yes. Really.
Well... we didn’t really... need to go back anyway. Right?
Unless there’s no way out, then yes, we might’ve.
Well... Clarissa got in through some other door, so... we should be fine. Hypothetically speaking...
I... really hope that Clarissa is in here, Alex. I really, really hope so...
C’mon, she‐‐ she has to be, where else could she have gone.
Like, *any* of the other buildings.
Well, I mean... when you say it like that.
Well, good news, Jonas, there weren’t really any. Other than this it’s just cliff and brick.
Yeah. I hope so, too.
So… Clarissa… dated Michael?
Is that right?
But seriously, Clarissa dated Michael?
Is that right?
How does that even happen?
Like dated dated?
Hey, it was *his* life, you know, not mine. He could do what he wanted. I didn’t mean to put it like--
Yeah, yeah, I got it.
It really wasn’t-- I mean, yeah, it was like for a few months, but… you know, that’s nine weeks in the scheme of things. I’ve had rashes that lasted longer.
Yes. Quite annoyingly.
It’s just funny, you know… I mean, not *funny* funny, but… I don’t know.
I mean, was he the type of the guy that would *go* for that… like, sort of thing…?
I’m just trying to, uh, I’m trying to picture it.
But, really, was Michael the type of guy that would go for someone like Clarissa?
No! Not at all! I mean, he’d-- he was always so *busy* with school and-- like, he was like always dating *somebody* but, it--it would never last long. \n
Okay.
What “sort of thing?” What do you mean?
You know, like… intense, I guess, is the word I’m trying to find.
Well, you know, you’d have to ask him what he was into, I guess.
I mean, just from what I’ve heard of him… like that one story about the cops just straight buyin’ him a beer?
Just what would a guy like that see in her?
Like, at least at the start.
There must have been something. Right?
Right?
Other than, I guess, the obvious.
But what do you think Mike saw in Clarissa, really?
It’s not a trick question, Jonas, she’s been the Homecoming Queen every year since she grew boobs... and he’d been the Captain of every sports team he’d ever played on.
It was practically an arranged marriage.
Huh. Okay.
Look, Jonas, girls go for assholes and guys go for psychos for the same stupid reason: they’re interesting… for a while.
But that crap gets old *fast*.
Huh. Okay.
You know, Jonas, frankly, I don’t really know, and I don’t really care, so.
Alright, hey, it’s old news, I get that.
But maybe you just can’t see her that way.
What’s your type? Blonde, right? Nose ring?
No no. Tall. Brunette. Maybe a big hat. Red raincoat... lots of mystique...
...been around the world…
Somebody like that.
You’re describing Carmen Sandiego…
Oh yeah... you know, that kind of explains a lot.
Are you, like, *into* her?
I just assume every guy wants to hump everything.
We *do* but we need, like, a minute to *breathe*.
Okay! I’m sorry! Innocent until proven, I guess we’ll see.
Yes. We will.
I’m not gonna creep on your girlfriends, don’t worry.
Not at all!
Too bitter.
No!
Okay. But you can tell me if you are, that’s what step-siblings are for, storing embarrassing secrets.
I’m not, but thanks for offering to be my Shame Vault.
Alright. I guess I’ll believe you. For now.
Alright. I guess I’ll believe you. For now.
You can go ahead and believe me for always on this one.
Look, it really wasn’t a big deal. That’s all.
I believe you, I believe you.
But about Mike...
But, really, was Michael the type of guy that would go for someone like Clarissa?
It’s just, uh, interesting, I guess, to me.
*Why* do you keep asking if I *like* everybody!
Speaking of which, she dated... Michael?
Coulda guessed that would happen…
Hey, did I-- did you see that? In the, uh, the mirror.
Uh, don’t think I’m nuts or anything, but… my reflection kind of gave me like fatherly advice that made *absolutely* no sense when you were stuck just now, so…
No, I missed it, what happened?
The… it was like our reflections… I don’t know. It wasn’t normal.
Oh God, don’t start bugging out on me, please.
I’m not bugging out on you, I’m not a bug, something happened in the mirror, our reflections weren’t… *right* for a second.
I’m gonna take a picture, see if the flash will, uh, make something happen.
I guess… I dunno, it’s not happening anymore.
Okay. Make it *snappy*. Get it.
I’m choosing not to get it.
Okay, just don’t be, like, stupid now. I just don’t want anything to happen because you decided to play around.
I’m not “playing,” I just want to-- I just want to try this real quick.
It seems alright now, I don’t know. Maybe it wasn’t anything.
Yeah, I’m not sure about that...
The reflection…
It was… weird.
Why are my settings in the...
Okay, here we go.
Seriously?
It’s-- it’s not locked, it’s just *stuck*, I think.
Oh, well then. Pardon me.
This’ll be fun watching you flail and fumble about.
Jonas, really, you can’t pick this one, it’s just like jammed.
Just… give me a…
Is it… loosening? At all?
Uh, I think, just-- give me a…
Whoah!
Jonas, what happened! Are you alright?!
Jonas, *why* do you always run off first! It’s not a race!
Hello? Are you-- look, is someone there?
Jonas?! If you’re still there, this would be a great time to say something!
When the time comes, let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Don’t let Jonas talk to his Mom, it’s not good for him.
When Jonas gets on your, uh, case about his Mom… just do you what you feel is best, alright?
His Mom’s dead, I *know* his Mom’s dead, what does...
What *is* this, what does this-- what does this *mean*, who are you?
Hey, that’s-- Clarissa!
Clarissa! Hold up!
Don’t just leave me here, Jonas! Wait!
It’s us, don’t...
Wait!
Hello? Are you-- look, is someone there?
Jonas?! If you’re still there, this would be a great time to say something!
How-- how is this possible? What’s going on?
His Mom’s dead, I *know* his Mom’s dead, what does...
How-- how is this possible? What’s going on?
Something, like, totally *schizo* just happened out here. Like, I’m-- I’m either padded room crazy or--
How are you-- how are you doing this? Did you die? Are you dead?
It’s a… a Relay Room or something, there’s switches in here and one of them hooks to the loudspeakers.
Okay, none of that explains why you just *ran* in there to--
Alright, this is interesting, but can you, like, just come out now?
Oh-- come on!
I can’t-- I can like *barely* hear you, but… whatever, look… Clarissa’s not in here, and it’s just a-- a *room* so, like, riddle me that and there’s like a super weird lock in here...
Uh, yeah. Hold on, I’ll check.
Yeah, yeah, so… I take it you’re trapped, right? That’s why not you’re not just walking back out?
There’s just a really weird lock here. Does anything out there explain what this is?
It’s… buzzing and… warm.
So, it’s on, at least…
And I’m pretty sure it’s what’s keeping the door from opening.
Uh, yeah. Hold on, I’ll check.
The door opened like a second ago, can’t you-- are you sure you’re just not turning the knob the right way or…
Just put your back into it. Be a man here, Jonas, we got stuff to do.
Alright, you don’t have to get snippy.
Okay, alright, I’ll look, I’ll look.
Thank you.
So, I’ll just sit in here and assume that’s what you’re doing.
Testing, testing, oh, okay...
I can’t-- I can’t hear anything outside at all but luckily this radio thing is working… look, whatever...
Clarissa’s not in here, and it’s just a-- a *room* so, like, riddle me that first of all, and second of all I can’t get out.
There’s a super weird lock that I can’t figure, so… just… try and do what you can? Okay?
I can't hear anything outside at all, but... there's just a really weird lock here. Does anything outside explain what this is?
Okay… what just happened?
Cause that…
That sucked.
It’s a-- I guess a one way lock?
Uh… Clarissa ran in there, disappeared into the walls, and--
Are you okay? A little shaken up?
Well, we blew past nap time a while ago, but… yeah, I’m actually better than fine.
Radio locks… the technology here’s always been… it’s like primitive *and* from the future.
Yeah, no, it’s… something.
Yeah, I’m never one to hate stuff. But I hated all of that.
I wish just *one thing* would work here like *anything* works out in the real world.
Clarissa’s not in there, but she’s here still somewhere.
Not getting past here.
Uh, no, doesn’t look like it.
Can you imagine sleeping here?
I’m trying not to. But why would the construction guys leave the bed frames?
Seems kind of… I don’t know… kind of morbid.
Yeah, it’s… it’s just strange to see it like this.
If they would have ever finished the museum, it would’ve been for show. It would have felt more authentic or whatever, but… it doesn’t matter now.
Let’s just find that girl and get out of here.
Three… Four… Eighteen…
And… voila.
What was that.
It was… in the doorway for a second.
Did you see it?
What?
Maybe… maybe it wasn’t anything.
Uhhhh…. you tell me.
I… don’t… know.
Okay, just making sure.
I’m just gonna pretend it didn’t happen, so…
Let’s just carry on.
It’s got a padlock.
You can’t pick this one, can you?
Noooo… we’d need like bolt cutters or something.
Yeah, I don’t know if we’ll find that around here, though.
Or the code…
Not gonna budge without the code.
I think we, uh, need the code.
While I admire your persistence, unless we have the code, we can’t get in.
Stuff like this‐‐ I always thought it was pretty. Kinda like‐‐ I dunno, kind of like the building’s being *reclaimed* by the trees and the soot and the soil... you know?
Well right now it just looks like scary tentacles, so.
In the daytime, this is pretty much skater mecca.
I can tell.
Jonas! Can you hear me!
Jonas, lemme in! I’m not in the mood!
Jonas! Are you okay in there?
Jonas, lemme in! I’m not in the mood!
Jonas! Are you okay in there?
Is this what you were talking to me on?
Yep. Old girl did the trick.
Do you think maybe, uh, Clarissa was using this before?
You know, to call us and everything?
I guess there might be another comm room or something.
It was locked, remember? How could she have gotten in?
Same way I did. But… then I don’t really know how she could’ve gotten out.
Yeah, lines up, I guess. But she’s still been transmitting so she must still be in here somewhere.
Here’s a list of… huh, they called codes, “cookies.” Is that slang or something?
Yeah, no, I can see you jiggling, it’s... not gonna work.
Alright, well, I’m gonna take a nap! Have fun in there!
Are there any vines in your room? What do they look like? Are they viney?
I wonder why none of the graffiti kids ever got trapped in a room... really makes you think, huh.
If you hear me jiggling a door handle, I’m not trying to leave, I promise!
Yeah, no, I can see you jiggling, it’s... not gonna work.
“Radio Locks.” That’s… okay, that’s weird.
Radio locks… the technology here’s always been… it’s like primitive *and* from the future.
Yeah, no, it’s… something.
Oh, here’s the code for the-- for the padlock. Three, four, eighteen.
It’s on a list of… huh, they called codes, “cookies.” Is that slang or something?
I dunno... but we got the combo, so, great.
Here’s a padlock code. Three, four, eighteen.
She must be close by if we can get a signal here. This has to be the right way.
Of course it is…
Ow. I’m okay.
You know, I thought it was dark out there, but man, when you’re trapped in a broom closet, it gets a *lot* darker.
You know, I’ve never wanted to be a DJ, and this isn't really enticing me to start.
But they have to get up at like 3 AM, right, those guys? The talk radio guys? To start at like *five.*
I’ll be the late night, like the-- the *late night* *dance* DJ guy.
*Okay*, well, whenever you’re ready to… tell me how to get out of here, just… yell… it.
Thank you.
Ow. I’m okay.
You know, I thought it was dark out *there*, but lemme tell ya when you’re trapped in a *broom closet* it gets a lot darker.
You know, I’ve never wanted to be a DJ...
And this isn’t really enticing me to start, but… I can sorta see the appeal now, you know?
But I’d be a horrible talk radio guy. Like, just giving opinions? I wouldn’t know what to say, really.
And I wouldn’t want to do it anyway, it’d be like a slow, horrible death by anxiety or something, talking to all those listeners.
And they have to get up at like 3 AM, right, those guys? The talk radio guys? To start at like *five.*
I’d be-- I’ll be like the late night, like the-- the *late night* old rock guy.
The guy they keep on the books to like-- to point at for credibility.
*Okay*, well, whenever you’re ready to… tell me how to get out of here, just… yell… it.
Thank you.
“Hey, we don’t just play the pop crap, we got the mummy on from midnight to two, and he sometimes plays Badfinger so what’s your problem?”
And, I mean, you saw Clarissa, too, right?
Like, that wasn’t just me. Cause there’s-- there’s *nothing* in here, there’s no way she could’ve-- like, there’s no *back*.
Ugh.
Wait, was that Clarissa?
Clarissa!
What are you doing?
I... don’t think so.
No, I think it was her.
Whatever, I’ll give her the benefit of the doubt and say she didn’t see us.
Maybe? I couldn’t tell. They used to have a lot of squatters here, so... I don’t know.
What’s she thinking? That we’re just gonna chase her through the hallways?
Whatever, I’ll give her the benefit of the doubt and say she didn’t see us.
[sigh] Whatever, I’ll give her the benefit of the doubt and say she didn’t see us.
Hey lookee here, another decaying room that smells like rotten flowers.
This place is so disjointed for a… a *base* or whatever.
Though maybe they’re all like this, I dunno.
And a dead end, it looks like.
Man, *where* is Clarissa? If she’s not here, then…
There was the padlocked door. And we skipped past a room, I think, right below us.
So, you know, we still got options.
There was a… a door, I think, back there, that we passed.
So, you know, we still got options.
Ugh, gonna hate to go out in that.
Okay, I get it, you’re a *fort*, but can you leave like a few doors unlocked. Pretty please.
Now that… that’s not fair.
Hilarious.
Oh, c’mon!
Whyyyyyy!
So… actually, before we, uh, press on… I’ve had to go pee for like a while now… so..
Since we’re stuck anyway….
I thought I’d…
You know...
No.
C’mon, it’ll just take a second.
Nope.
You... have to be joking.
Okay, *look*. You can watch or not watch or listen or not listen… but I am *going* to take a piss… in this room… with you here.
Oh my *God*, go in the corner then!
I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I know this is like *way* too much too soon for us right now, but I’m gonna totally explode.
Look, I know, I know, I know, and I’m sorry, but if I don’t do it I’m gonna-- like, it feels like my bladder is gonna punch a hole in my chest.
I’ll force it out fast.
I cannot at all believe you right now.
Don’t look at me!
This is… if the night needed a capper, this is it, right here. My vagrant new stepbrother. Peeing on a rat.
Jonas, really, *please*, can you *not* wait just until we’re back outside?
I really *really* can’t!
Uhgh.
I know, the, uh, the acoustics are really carrying it, sorry…
Pee quieter! It’s like louder than the rainstorm!
Clarissa!
Okay, that was *definitely* her.
What is she-- is this just like a game to her or something?
Clarissa, come back! We came to help you, don’t-- ugh.
What is she thinking? I mean… I’m freaking out, too, but, like…. *relax*, honey.
This might be like a Nona situation where she’s just, uh, losing it a bit.
She knows it’s us, I don’t think she’d be freaking out like this if she wasn’t, like, in trouble or something…
And you know, it just occurred to me... she also could be having like a Ren episode. A Renisode.
Possessed or…. whatever we wanna call it.
It would explain the erratic behavior, at least…
And maybe not understanding how to work a radio?
But, Ren-- Ren acted like he was underwater. The guy could barely move.
Yeah, well that’s true.
Nah, Clarissa’s just being Clarissa. Making everything harder than it has to be.
Yeah, actually it’s kinda obvious that that’s what’s probably happening, isn’t it?
Wasn’t it in House on Haunted Hill where that possessed guy walked into a vat of blood?
I… really don’t know.
Or she’s just being weird, I don’t know.
Hello? Is this thing-- Is this-- God, is this-- is this going *out* or… wait… I can… ugh, I can hear myself, that’s not-- *God*, just is anybody--
Ugh, man, maybe she didn’t see us, I don’t know, but… whatever, she still has a radio, so… we gotta still get to her.
Wait, what was that?
That sounded like a door?
Is somebody out there?
Is that Clarissa out there?
Okay, I’ll just hold it some more.
Here’s a simple one to start. So don’t hold your breath.
What is the name of the school you are standing in?
“School we’re standing in?”
Isn’t this like just a classroom?
I thought this was just a-- a fort.
Uh, Fort Milner, right? I mean, that’s not a..
US Army… Radio Communications School.
Uh, the School… for Armed… Services?
[buzzer noise]
Our friends are finding this tough!
[screams]
Clarissa!
Do you think. Us. Cruel.
Do you think. Us. Callous.
Yes! Yeah, you’re being really mean right now! Why are you doing this?
Why is. Anything?
No, no-- you’re… I don’t know what you are. I don’t know what you want out of this.
We are not. Cruel. It is fair. This is fair.
I don’t *care*, just don’t hurt--!
We don’t hurt playmates.
That’s the stuff, Charlie. Now you’re swinging.
It all goes into your final rating. You want to get a good rating, don’t you?
You want to be a good soldier?
Why the Hell would we wanna be a good soldier?!
Yeah, sure! If that’s-- if that’s what you want!
Excellent!
No! Not-- not at all, I mean, why should I care about *any* of this?
Why should you care.
They didn’t care!
Why do you care what I want or don’t want or-- anything, I didn’t come here for this!
Yeah, we really really didn’t come here for this!
Why should we care.
Erghhghh.
Just keep the pointer on the button. Question Two.
What did the communications officers at Fort Milner call codes?
Who would know that?
This isn’t World War 2!
Nobody calls anything *anything* anymore!
You’d call codes… cookies?
Codes? I mean, aren’t codes just codes?
Uh, ciphers, I guess?
Maybe not so easy, huh.
[cries]
Hey, c’mon, normally the guy’s not drawn so much each time!
Do you think. We want this.
We don’t want this.
This isn’t. Sport.
Look, no one would want *this*, whatever this is, *nobody* would want it!
Nobody would want. What we have.
And yet.
Well I’m sorry for you, I really am, but whatever you’re mad about, we didn’t-- we didn’t *meant* to--
Sorry. For us?
Sorry. We’re sorry.
Oh gimme a break, you’re *enjoying* this! You have all the answers and you’re *dangling* this stuff over us like--
Enjoying. It.
Are we. Enjoying this?
But. We tested. And so can you.
There. Now you’re cooking.
Coded radio transmitters have an important job! And you wouldn’t want them to be unqualified.
Noooo, Johnny!
What the-- what is this *any* of this about?!
Uh, no? I mean… like any job, right?
Like anything. Right!
Uh, why on Earth would I? What does this have to--
Okay, look, is this a trick? Is whatever I’m gonna say gonna bite me in the ass no matter what, because if that’s the case, then--
Watch your language, young lady. There’s no room for sass in the armed forces!
Oh, screw you, this isn’t--
Ugh, whatever.
The answer... No! You wouldn’t!
Oh, Jesus, what is going on…
Ugh, I’m feel like I’m stuck on a tilt-a-whirl…
C’mon, guys, this isn’t exactly *fair* now.
Yarrghgh! God friggin' dammit...
One last round and you’ve cleared your exam. Pencils ready.
How many officers died in the sinking of the USS Kanaloa?
Kanaloa?
Eighty five?
Uh, twelve?
Fifty… three?
You’re off, Bob, that’s not gonna cut it.
Hey, c’mon, normally the guy’s not drawn so much each time!
Ninety seven brave men and women died on the USS Kanaloa. Eighty five officers. Twelve passengers.
It all adds up to another fact for the classification board.
Just another fact. Among many.
Correct!
We are an island race…
And through all our times the sea has ruled our breaks.
But, be wary, young ones.
Jonas, are you-- uh, doing... okay?
Jonas, what the *Hell* are you talking about?
Alright, if I’m answering the questions, you can leave Jonas out of it, okay?
For there will be other ships…
And other souls to sail them.
Above all victories, beyond all loss…
In spite of changing values and a changing world.
Mphhh.
[mumbles]
“The United States Submarine Kanaloa is shown for the first time in Pacific waters patrolling for the enemy.”
“Through the periscope the commander looks out over the ocean surface--”
“Kanaloa was-- lost today-- lost-- at sea-- near--”
Is this… are you the dead officers? That sunk on the Kanaloa?
We. Are. The sunken.
Why are you here? Was it something… we...
What a question. Never left.
Hey, *why*-- why are you testing me? Testing us? I don’t know what me being good at *trivia* is gonna...
Everyone must test. Before. Enlistment.
Rules. You know.
Of the game.
Okay, um, about that, I’d really prefer not to, uh, enlist, so…
Enlist in *what*? What do you mean? In the army?
What-- what do you want?
“For the first time… first time… time… time... time…”
Time. Just time.
What... *are* you?
“And the panic of the-- don’t-- don’t panic-- don’t-- don’t panic…”
Don’t panic.
See you.
What… I…
This has been United News… and thank-- thank you for--
That was… not fun.
Are you… feeling… better?
I’m *feeling*, let’s start with that.
Yeah, I know you just went through, like, an event or something but I coulda *really* used your help back there.
You… are an evil person.
Just take it slow and easy. You’ve just had… an experience.
Yes. Very good.
High in the cascade mountains of Washington, the Navy opens the world’s largest radio transmitter! Its one million watts can flash a message around the world in a tenth of a second!
What is this? A… commercial or… something?
It sounds so old.
Is this… coming from the-- from the *past*, or something? It sounds like it’s from the fifties or…
Yeah, I dunno.
They’re talking about-- it’s talking about the Navy?
I… think? But like… from.. *years* ago.
Hey, kids! Wanna play a game!
Ugh.
What is it *doing*?
*God*, can you *believe* this…
No. I can’t.
Hangman?
Be sharp and listen mister!
This is gonna tell the Classification Board a lot about what can be expected of you in the future.
How many questions will you be able to get in the allotted time?
Like a… test?
Uh, this isn’t how you play Hangman!
Hey, why are we being tested?! What did we do?
Look, I’ve, uh, never been good at these… so, uh...
Oh, just pass the buck, I guess.
Look, if the… *wall* wants us to play, then… it should be with somebody who knows… *stuff*.
Neither have I, Jonas! I’m better at… like, riddles, you know, “As I was Going to St. Ives?” That sort of thing?
No idea what you’re talking about right now.
Just… sit back and watch. This is gonna be cake.
I’ll leave you to it.
We did something in the cave. We did something in the cave, and now… the-- the guys who died on the sub...are…?
I don’t even know what I’m saying.
We… the radio somehow… let them out, or… gave them a microphone or something.
It’s more than a microphone, I mean, they’re, like, *affecting* stuff. It’s more than just talking.
Yeah.
They must have always been here, whatever we did in the cave, just… I don’t know, amplified it, somehow.
I dunno, they apparently just wanna play… *games* and scare kids and… I don’t know, I don’t get it, I don’t wanna get it.
What do you think they meant by… time?
Time. More time. More “life.” That’s… it’s cliche, but that’s how I’m choosing to interpret it.
They…. *do* know we haven’t yet invented a resurrection machine, right? They know there’s nothing we can do for them?
Let’s hope so.
Maybe they don’t care…
I didn’t hear that.
I *think* that’s what the, uh, the radio said.
I don’t know… I have no clue, it’s a talking radio, Jonas, I’m just catching up to *that*.
What do you think they meant by… “don’t panic…?”
You asked who are you and they said, “Don’t panic?”
What could that mean...
The type of person who says, “I’m not gonna hurt you,” is exactly the type of person I know *could*.
Maybe it’s the… whatever in me, but… I didn’t think to really “panic” until they told me not to.
I guess it means they’re friendly? Or at the very least… concerned about our… blood pressure.
Well, it... is the silent killer.
Yeah, no crap.
Oh yeah? What tipped you off? The messages, the ball? Or maybe it was the *ghost*--
That gave us a pop quiz, yeah, okay.
Maybe…
I *would* say ghosts, okay, I would, but… what about the weird triangle stuff? What does that have to do with submarine spirits?
Okay… it’s ghosts. As stupid as that sounds.
Uhhhh… you know… like… a….
Fine. It's ghosts.
Proto… dead… uh, protooo…
Uh, unexplained phenomena.
Yes, “unexplained.”
Ghosts are fine.
Wait. We… lost. Right?
The whole hangman got drawn.
So…. isn’t there, like, some sort of… penalty?
[screaming in terror]
Clarissa!
This is just unbelievable.
Anyone! Can anyone just--
That’s gotta be Clarissa.
Let’s get her and get out of here or use her *radio* and get out of here but... let’s just get out of here.
You could’ve… like, couldn’t you have tried like a little harder there?
I know it’s not your *fault*, but…
God.
Oh give me a friggin’ *break*, those questions were *impossible*, how can you expect me to--
Jonas, I’m sorry, okay! I-- I tried my best, I did, but it was just--
Uh….
What?
Huh?
She’s cracking up.
Great.
It’s a… joke… or something? I hope?
Yeah.
Clarissa! Can you hear me! Are you alright!
God damn it.
I just-- I hope she’s okay.
Let’s just get to her.
I tried-- you have to believe me, Jonas, I tried to get it right, how was I supposed to know that--
It’s fine, it’s fine, we don’t know yet, let’s just-- let’s just get to her.
Cross your fingers.
Clarissa is asleep right now. Be still so as not to wake her.
Cross your… wait. What?
Was all this stuff here a minute ago?
Cause… if it was, there is something seriously wrong with me.
Clarissa--
Oh my G-- I *thought* you said you were coming to help me!
*Where* have you been, it couldn’t *possibly* have taken this long to walk from the tower to here.
I’ve been sitting, fumbling around with this stuff…
I don’t know how to work this crap.
Look, I know I told you we’d come here, and, you know what, we *did*, we’re here, tada, but Ren got himself stranded in the woods so we--
We came straight here! It’s not like-- that’s not exactly a curated park out there, okay, there’s, like, *obstacles.*
*Obstacles*. Obstacles, okay, what *ninja training ground* kept you from showing up when I called, huh?
Clarissa, are you… like, okay?
Yeah, I’m alright. Why? Don’t I look alright?
Well, it’s fine, cause we’re here now. There were just some… snags on the way.
*Snags?* What snags?
Oh my God, you actually came.
I mean, it did take you… long enough, but… still… good.
Yeah, I… keep my word. I told you I’d come and I came.
Yeah, you did. But... be honest...
Did you come because I needed help or did you come because there was a radio.
Okay, don’t even start, Clarissa, we came, we’re here. Be happy.
Alright, don’t get all… you know. Be honest...
Uhhh… are you alright?
I mean… yeah? Why?
Clarissa… are you okay?
Oh, well look at this, the Super Twins decided to *grace* me with their presence.
I thought maybe I wasn’t good enough for a house call, doctor.
So are we Super Twins or doctors?
We came here, okay? We showed up, and-- you know what, it wasn’t exactly an easy walk, there were, like, *obstacles*.
You’re neither.
Okay, whatever Clarissa, just-- where’s the radio?
Wait, how did you-- how did you even know I was here?
Are you just aimlessly wandering around or...
Did you hear my-- did you hear me on the radio?
Ren told us. We got him in the--
Where’s Ren?
He called us from a Way Station, he’s fine, he’s back at the--
*I* called you! I called you! That was *you* in the tower?! And *Ren*?
Kinda blind luck, really. We heard you on the radio when we got in the… “zone.”
Huh.
What?
If you hadn’t heard I had a radio… would you have come looking for me?
Uh, kinda a bit of both, actually.
Look, Clarissa… are you alright?
You went to get *Ren*, first? *Why* would you do that?
I’m sorry but he’s like the most useless one!
He’s like the-- the-- the bassist!
Clarissa, relax.
Clarissa, he’s my *best friend*, okay, so… on the scale of things you’re gonna come up short on this one.
“Scale of things?” I have a *radio*, I just can’t figure out how to make the *stupid* thing work!
Clarissa, look at us! We’re here, alright? We came! What more do you want!
Nothing, okay, nothing, you did it, I’m sure your parents are proud.
Do you have any idea what we had to slog through to get here? It’s like a Halloween hay ride you can’t get off out there!
I *know* what it’s like, that’s why I’ve been trying to contact *anybody* for the past, like, two hours!
We’re here now, okay? And I’m sorry you’re having a bad night but so are we. So what’s this about a radio.
I mean, it’s like a three mile spread!
That’s like twenty minutes if you jog!
Clarissa, I don’t even know how *you* got here.
*I*-- I… I don’t… know how I got here, so… there’s that.
Clarissa, where’s the radio.
Oh, I dunno, maybe all the *ghosts* that are shambling around, handing out *tests.*
Oh my *God*, look stuff has been-- *strange*, I’ll give you that, but let’s not bungee jump into lunacy just yet, okay?
There’s like a million locked doors between here and the Comm Tower!
And a million ways around each one! Haven’t you ever broken into someplace before?
Uh, Clarissa…
I wanna hear it from Alex.
Yes, of course, Clarissa. And I really don’t appreciate the question.
Okay.
Welll… I mean…
*Yes*, we would’ve, we’re not gonna leave you behind, okay?
You’re a good boy, Jonas, but… watch out for that one.
*No*, Clarissa, of course not. The radio’s our way out, you’re the way out’s *appendage*.
Well, this appendage *found* the radio, so remember that when you’re back at home, safe and sound and snuggled with your stuffed animals.
*Speaking* of the radio… where is it.
Yeah sure, my hair might be a little weird, but…
There’s not a lot I can do about that.
You just sounded… really distressed, that’s all.
Well, I mean… I dunno. I’m fine now, so…
Uh, you just sounded… off. I guess. Right, didn’t she sound off?
I don’t really know what she normally sounds like.
I… guess you’re okay. You’re okay. Right?
Yeahhh… yeah. I’m fine.
Alright, where’s this famous radio?
I dunno, I can’t get it to… do anything I want.
Alex, wanna take a look at this?
Yeah, no, this is… this is like a low frequency thing. It’s just meant for the base, it won’t… I don’t think it can beam out.
Really?
No, no no no isn’t there a way to--
These officers who know your problems full and well, and will give you a friendly and sympathetic hearing…
Who is that?
Clarissa!
Is there anything-- can we like cut her down with something!
Clarissa!
Clarissa, no!
Clarissa, wh-- why!
Oh God, Clarissa!
Erghghg, not now! We’re, ugh, we’re looping again.
*Crap*, well, uh, just keep me in the loop. I didn’t mean to say that.
Jonas, wait, we’re in another-- we got *looped* again.
Oh, wait… what? We already did this, you already said that.
Did I?
Wait, Jonas… something-- something just happened. We got-- we were in there, and then--
C’mon, let’s just get to Clarissa.
Uh… oh. Something’s… I don’t know.
Holy crap.
What is it?
Okay…..
Is something wrong?
Or… not?
We’re… we’ve been in a little time loop thing, and… it’s been just kinda extreme.
I’m… sorry. Ugh, that was a stupid thing to say. Just-- come on, I’m here with you.
We keep doing the same-- we’ve-- we’ve gone through this door like twice now, and it’s-- it keeps-- the events keep changing.
Are you feeling okay?
Cause…
I’m not really following.
It’s uh, it’s fine, ignore me.
I’m not nutso, Jonas, we’ve, like, *done* this, we’ve gone through this door and seen Clarissa twice now and we’re about to do it a third time!
Okay, alright, I’m sorry, I believe that… you believe this, so… alright. Just… keep me posted, I guess on how… that… develops.
Well, just let me know if you have to... lie down or something.
Just… brace yourself, okay?
Alright.
Look, Clarissa might be… dead… in there.
*Why?*
We just heard her.
Look, are you... feeling okay?
Uh, nevermind. Just ignore me.
I’m not nutso, Jonas, we’ve, like, *done* this, we’ve gone through this door and seen Clarissa twice now and once she was *hanged* and we’re about to do it a third time!
Clarissa?
I woulda swore she was… she was in here.
Better gone than dead…
Clarissa?
Oh, maybe this was the, uh, the thing-- the radio she was using.
If we can get it to-- I mean, *she* got it to *kinda* work, so…
We should be home free.
It’s not gonna work, Jonas.
Huh? How do you know?
Yeah, it, uh, it only broadcasts within the-- within a short space, it’s not gonna do what we need it to.
Really? How do you know?
Call it a hunch.
I’m gonna still try.
I just know, alright? I can tell from here.
Jonas. We’re in a loop. We already-- just, it’s okay, knock yourself out.
Crud.
Clarissa!
Are you alright?
Thank God, Clarissa, we saw-- I saw you--
Cl-- Clarissa, what are you doing?
Clarissa, it’s us, it’s Alex. Are you… okay?
For there will be other ships.. and other souls to sail them.
Clarissa?
Clarissa, *what* are you talking about?
Clarissa, will you snap out of it!
She’s like… she’s like Ren was.
*What* is the matter with her?
Clarissa!
Clarissa, what’s going on?
Clarissa, will you *wake up*!
What is she doing?
Clarissa, come back here!
Clarissa! Don’t do it!
Clarissa! Stop!
Oh my G-- *why* would she do that?!
Why would she do that?!
We were-- we’re not-- it’s not like we’re--
God!
She--she was-- she was like possessed! I-- I-- I just-- I--
I just-- this is-- Jonas, this is so horrible.
I-- I can’t believe this! I can’t believe she would do that, over-- I mean, things are-- are-- *bad* right now, but y-- you can’t just--
She killed herself, oh my God, she just killed herself, they made her-- they...
This is just-- I just-- I never...
I don’t-- I don’t even know what to…
We… we should… get to the others.
I-- I can’t even imagine telling them.
Or… or *how* to tell them, I…
I don’t know, Alex.
I can’t believe it.
I-- I don’t even know how I can tell her *mom*! I mean, we-- she *knows* me, this can’t-- oh God, and just the fact that *I’m* the one who… who was here… God.
“Telling them?” I just wanna-- we have to round them up before anything else-- before anything like this-- like, I don’t even-- I don’t even know what happened here, Jonas, if it’s… if they’re thinking of doing the same thing...
We’ll... We’ll figure it out.
This is unbelievable.
Alex. Don’t worry.
There will be other ships… and other souls to sail them.
Ugh, it’s-- it’s like in the woods again, this *stuff* keeps appearing, it’s like a-- a time displacement thing or loop or something.
Wait, what-- what is all this, we were just in there, and now it’s, like-- ugh, God.
Yeah, I, uhhh-- I don’t-- I don’t really know. Is Clarissa in there?
Wait, what-- where’d all this stuff come from… it’s like the-- ugh, whatever I’m gonna say will sound stupid so just--
Yeah, no, I get it, the-- the equipment’s old but it looks brand new? Ish?
I don’t know what’s causing it, though.
[spooked] Yeahhh, this isn’t-- this isn’t good.
Clarissa must have been using this to talk to us, right?
I don’t know why she would’ve left, though...
I thought we heard her just a second ago...
This-- we already saw this thing, I think, in the-- the cave, or… this type of transmitter at least...
Yeah, it looks-- you can feel the hum, right? I think it’s working.
Seems like it. You wanna try it out or…[trails off]
Yeah, but-- Clarissa’s not here, and... I don’t know how she left without blowing past us. So maybe we should focus on that…?
True...
Kinda… weird… really.
Yeah.
But maybe we could call out using this thing?
Fart barf, that didn’t work.
[confused] Yeah, um… sure didn’t?
Yeah, fingers crossed, sure.
Wow.
There’s *no way* she got up from that, right?
Like… there’s *no way*.
We both saw what happened, that was…
Oh my-- thank *Christ*, she’s alive, maybe she just-- maybe she just twisted her-- twisted *something* or…
Alex, even if she fell feet first she would’ve broken every bone in her body, how’d she just get up and walk away?
Wait, she’s… alive? How is… how is that possible?
I’d bet all the money in my pocket that… *no one* could survive that. So… why isn’t she here?
Wait, she’s… um… I can’t think of the appropriate word here…
*Dead*, the word is “dead”, she should be dead, Alex, I watched her, there was no breaking that fall, so…. how’d she walk away?
Seriously. Why isn’t she here.
This… isn’t possible. Cause… unless she’s built of rubber…
Let’s… just put a pin in “Ghosts” and say... “Until evidence proves otherwise.”
We *did* just go through a, uh, sort of a… temporal anomaly… A time… thing.
Maybe it screwed with what happened.
Hallucination? Dual hysteria? I don’t know, Jonas.
Well, regardless…. good… news?
*Yes*, Jonas, of *course* it’s good news that Clarissa isn’t *dead*, Christ.
That’s *not* why I hesitated! Of *course* it’s good news if she’s not dead, I’m just saying *if*.
Yeah. We’ll see.
Yep.
What, you think she’s a zombie, now? Three seconds ago you said she couldn’t get up from that, now you’re leaping right into “zombie.”
I’m not saying she’s a zombie. I’m saying we don’t we know what she is. Currently.
Well, she’s not *dead*, Jonas, we can I think make at least a stand on that.
All I’m saying is… we don’t know a whole lot of anything right now.
Let’s just get back to the Ren at the Comm Tower. Maybe he’s had better luck than us at… anything.
Well… guess it’s Ren time. Let’s hope it’s less eventful.
The handprints are a macabre touch.
Do you know who did that?
Please tell me, like, it’s a known thing that teenagers here do or something…
It’s… probably, like, children. They have such little hands.
Yeah, little kids, just… makin’ a mess of things.
Clearly, it’s the, uh, the evil, obviously.
First they finger paint, then they… wear our lungs like scarves.
Yeah, well… somebody’s gotta keep the traditions alive.
I really… have no idea…
You really couldn't just say your friends do this for my own piece of mind?
What was that?
You-- you heard that, right?
Something just fell. Relax. I’m sure a bird landed on a piece of loose masonry or something.
Probably…
I’m sure it’s just the, uh, the *evil*, again. I forgot the step in-between the finger paint and wearing our lungs, they also *drop* things.
I’m-- I don’t even know why I ask you.
Oh, yeah, yeah, the evil, okay, of course.
Why do you keep asking me if I know what’s going on! I don’t! I have no idea! Just like the handprints!
Okay, okay, fine, alright, geez. We’ll both be in the dark together.
I don’t know! I have no idea! Why would I know!
I don’t know! Alright, fine. We’ll both be in the dark together.
Literally.
Literally.
Jinx!
Crap.
Metaphorically, I mean.
Probably, like-- a bird.
It’s not opening. Clarissa!
Man, when we catch up, I am gonna tear… it’s gonna be limb from limb, it’s gonna be like she wasn’t wearing *seat belts* when I’m finished with her, *God*.
Okay, alright, I know, she’s a hoot.
We can’t leave until she shows us where that radio is. I know it’s annoying, but… it’s our only hope for getting us out of here so far.
Look, let’s just leave, seriously. If she doesn’t want our help…
No no no, she *knows* where a *working* radio to the outside world is, there is no *way* I’m leaving before I get a crack at it.
I’m worried, something must be *really* wrong. Clarissa’s a lot of things but she wouldn’t… do whatever this is.
“ASVAB”, “Basic,” “Enlisted Soldier’s Guide…” I wonder why nobody’s taken these.
I think those titles answer your own question…
I thought maybe they’d have… something here, but… no.
I don’t-- I don’t know why I thought this would tell me anything, it’s a globe.
Yeah, unless they mean longitude and latitude it’s not gonna help.
Oh! It’s-- it’s stamped the US Army Radio Communications School!
Well then say it!
Oh-- I can’t believe it, marked near the coast, eighty five dead!
God, there is *nothing* at all on here about codes.
Yeah, I wouldn’t think so, but, Alex, c’mon, maybe you heard this somewhere?
This… the map says *nothing* about what school this is.
Yeah, why would it! It’s just countries, it’s too zoomed out.
They… this isn’t a book about-- it wouldn’t have this in here.
There’s-- *oh*, it says, “cookies,” they called them, “cookies.”
Perfect! Call it out!
This-- I don’t know what I was thinking, this isn’t helping.
Yeah, it’s a *globe*, that’s not gonna help with the name of a school.
The, uh, cave… triangle… people said… like, I don’t wanna-- look, I just wanna try something. Like, if we can’t call out, maybe we can try that thing… talking to, like, ourselves… you know? Just… this makes sense in my head!
Okay. Uh. Sure.
Knock yourself out.
And then we can just wait for Clarissa... I guess?
Um, Alex? Can you… can you hear me?
Hey, uh, Jonas? Or… just--to anyone listening, we’re trapped in--
Hey, Clarissa… are you still in the base? We’re in the Comm Room, I think, cause--
Are you-- can you figure it out, or…?
It won’t. Be. So easy.
This stuff… it’s like-- it’s like the base is “reverting” back to when it was… functional, or-- that’s not the right word, but--
Yeah, no, I know, it’s crazy, this is crazy, this is-- I don’t even know, it’s just nuts.
Change of heart?
Eh. I’m thinking about it.
No, sorry, user error. Give me a sec.
Wow… another one. I mean, like, what are these things?
I dunno. Portals?
We haven’t been able to really, like, *see* the ghosts without them.
Yeah, but… it still doesn’t seem like they can come… through all the way? If that makes sense?
Ways to, uh, communicate… with, uh, you know... *them*?
Maybe…
Is it like… is it like a *tear* in… something?
What do they say? “Space and Time?” Seems a little...
I think it’s like a… a *gate*, you know? Like… you can talk through it or… sometimes they can even like…. *reach* through the bars...
I don’t know.
Really…
And what happens if a “gate” opens up, then?
“Gates.” Good enough for me.
Jonas… if there’s anything I do know… it’s that we... don’t know anything.
Ten.
Nine.
Eight.
Seven.
Six.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Where are you going?
I wanna look around some more.
Oh, okay.
Clarissa’s in here, remember?
Uhh… didn’t we… wait, huh?
Mm?
Wait, weren’t we-- weren’t we just over there? And not, like, here?
Well, um, yeah, we are walking, right?
Hold up, this-- this weird, like, *thing* is still happening, we’re like-- I don’t even know how to explain it...
Huh, okay. I’ll, uh, keep an eye out for it...
Wait, Jonas, sorry, I just-- I feel like I’m blacking out or losing track of time or something...
Oh, sorry. Let’s, uh, hurry up and find Clarissa then.
So… Edwards Island used to be a military base, like I said, right?
So in the fifties, apparently, *after* the war when everyone was bored, they’d have guys stationed here…
And those guys would I guess sneak city girls over on these little fishing boats and they’d camp on the beach to, like, “neck” and stuff.
They literally called it “trawling.”
Uh huh.
So anyways, the soldiers here used to sneak their dates over from the mainland.
Okay.
“Neck.” Loser.
“Neck,” it’s what they called it!
That’s actually kinda funny.
Yeah, it’s like kids at camp or whatever.
Really? That’s kinda gross.
Yes, sex is gross, so disgusting, man, get a room you *soldiers*.
Yeah, get a room!
Shut up.
“Improper acts,” okay.
Yeah, basically, seniors get Prom, Sophomores paint that weird statue thing green... and Juniors do this.
No no no, I, uh, I got it.
*Annyyways* the town’s *youths* keep up the whole slink over and camp thing alive and well.
Oh c'mon, Jonas has only just gotten here and you’re boring him already!
I am not!
No, it’s-- it’s interesting. It’s nice to hear about your weird little traditions.
See?
Is that sarcasm I detect?
Sure.
Oh. Good. Carry on, then.
Yeah, it’s kinda cool, right? Coolish?
Yeah, I mean, I’m up for anything, so. Island sleepover, whatever, it’ll be fun.
Well anyways, you’re not allowed to stay here at all past the last ferry.
So just staying here’s *sorta* bad, just so you know...
Okay.
So we’re not allowed to stay here overnight?
Nah, not really. But it’s no big deal.
Okay, but… what if we get caught, then?
We won’t. I had to promise Karen I’d shovel her driveway all winter so she’d just look the other way.
Is that why there’s no one around?
Yeah, the island pretty much shuts down after hours.
I guess skipping curfew won’t get us thrown in the stockade or anything, then.
No. But maybe the fact that I brought a whole crap ton of drugs will.
Oh, well, yeah, that’ll do it, then.
Oh God, ugh, of course you did.
I’ve been looking forward to this for a *really* long time and I’m *not* leaving the *fun* part of this to chance, that’s all.
Of course you did.
Ren, God, why?! I don’t wanna babysit you when you go on a bad “trip”!
You’re not gonna have to *babysit* me.
And it’ll make the caves *so* much better.
What caves?
There are... caves... at the beach, and they… I don’t know how to put it. They’re strange.
“Strange.”
Yeah, it’s hard to describe.
Anyways, yeah, the caves are gonna blow your mind.
Oh yeah?
Yeah, “strange?” What does that mean?
Wait, you don’t remember?
Whatever you’re talking about, she didn’t tell me, so...
Actually, Ren, I wanna talk some more about your burgeoning *drug addiction*.
What’s so special about the caves?
All caves are *weird*, Ren. That’s why they’re called “caves.”
No, you *know* these are different.
What do you mean?
The whole reason Alex brought her radio is because when you go to the-- it’s like the “front”--
The mouth?
-- the “mouth” of this *particular* cave, you can sometimes pick up *frequencies*... to stations that don’t exist.
You’ll hear voices or just... sounds... And they’re impossible to get anywhere else on the island. Crazy, right?
So yeah, we brought the radio because in the cave you can hear a bunch of spooky crap.
Really?
Really.
No way, c’mon.
*Alex* has always been a devout skeptic even though the 4th Grade field trip *proved* it without a *shadow of a doubt*.
I wasn’t even there! I couldn’t go, remember?
Oh, why how *convenient!*
Oh God, whatever.
There must be some kind of logical explanation, like… like the rocks are somehow able to conduct lower frequencies or pick up broadcasts from further away or… something.
*Or* it’s aliens.
It’s, uh, it’s pretty creepy… at least I’ve heard.
I did it once. It’s amazing when it works.
Huh. Alright. Cave sounds.
Okay.
Okay, speed-read definition of Edwards Island. This is a tourist trap with shops and a beach.
We are here to drink and be stupid, a tradition apparently started by bored recruits in the nineteen fifties who would sneak dates over from the coastal towns.
Wait, how’d they pull that? Isn’t, like, *security* an important thing in military bases?
Yes, but apparently the desire to have cheap sex with floozies will overcome all borders, it’s the American way.
So, to summarize… we are not allowed here after dark, the town is shut down, and we - the Camena High Junior Class - have come to commit improper acts.
Yeah, isn’t this supposed to be like a giant, swarming, animal mask wearing freak out?
Where’s everybody else?
Jesus, Alex, it’s just supposed to be like a somewhat oversized kegger. And I think more people are coming.
Wait, we’re not allowed here after dark? So like what’s the plan if we get caught.
“Improper acts?” What does that even mean, soaping windows?
Yeah, I don’t think that’ll get us tossed in the stockade.
And the other thing… is the weirdo caves.
“Weirdo caves?”
Hello kids. The other guys and gals must be further up, so… be quick now.
Nobody lives here except for some geriatric named Mrs. Adler, but as God as my witness, we’ll never mention her or any other old person’s name again.
So does anybody like…. *live* here?
It’s a tourist town, and the other half of the island’s like a… protected land or something so… no, not really, not except for Maggie Adler.
Her family, I think, like *owns* or owned some of the island or something… she’s been shacked in the same spot for like seventy years.
She’s kind of what you’d call a local legend.
She has a house on the other side of the woods.
But yeah, Maggie Adler, that’s it, the only person who lives here. She’s never left the island.
I can’t imagine living in the same exact house looking at the same exact walls for that long a time.
Well… it takes a certain someone. And actually, you know what, speaking of the opposite of those certain someones...drum roll please.
I hate your transitions.
Ugh, what is it.
I think that’s what *I* would call a “hermit.”
Man, that woman won the life lottery. Seventy years of sleeping with the window open and smelling the ocean.
You'd be okay with never leaving?
Never leaving… Just there *all the time*.
But you’d be okay with never leaving. Really?
Yeah… why wouldn’t I be? If you’re happy, you’re happy, why would you move?
Yeah! Why would you?
What is *that* supposed to mean?
Okay, Ren... time’s up. What’s on your mind, cause something obviously is and it’s obviously *not* this.
If it’s on an *island*, then yeah! Monkey butlers, lobster wives, it’s the dream.
Oh yeah, what was I thinking? Lobster wives! It’s the dream!
I’m guessing that doesn’t sound appealing to you...
Well, I dunno. Maybe I’d get bored with the same scenery, the same parrots screaming at me...
Well of course you’d get bored, you’re bored here.
I guess she is!
No no no, there’s something else going on.
Oh really?
Yeah, so... don’t get used too used to her.
So, *anyways*... is it true or not? Are you not staying for college?
Alright, so what if I am?
I dunno! So what if you are? I guess it’s nothing, no big deal.
I don’t know who you heard that from, but I’m not, not really.
Alright, well… cool, I guess.
And did this little *birdy* tell everyone he did Susie Lyons even though it was only over the pants stuff?
Uhhh….
Just because Mark spends his Study Hall at the Advisory Board doesn’t mean he’s allowed to look through our submissions.
Look, Alex…
I just… If you *are* thinking of leaving, I just *hope*... you are doing it... for the *right* reasons.
That’s all. That’s my whole spiel.
Look-- and I’m not gonna beat the horse dead or anything but I just wanna make sure you’re leaving because you *really* want to, that’s all.
What the Hell does *that* mean?
Nothing, nothing, nothing at all, do what you want, forget I said anything.
Thank you, I will.
I *said* I don’t really know, yet, okay? You’re witnessing the ground floor of the decision making process, I have no idea.
I’m not even sure yet, Ren, okay? I have no idea where I’m gonna go, so….
Okay, okay, that’s all I wanted to hear, I said my piece.
Sheesh.
And now you’re not talking to me, okay, great.
Ren, why do you even *care* about this?
Oh, I dunno, maybe cause you’re my friend? And I’ll miss you if you go, that’s what a friend does! They miss the other person.
And I don’t want you to regret anything. So… yeah. Nevermind.
Awww, Ren, ya big knuckle head. I’d miss you, too, okay? But for now I’m not gone yet and who knows what I’m gonna do, so.
Alright, alright.
Awww, you two are like kittens in a paper sack.
*What* is that?
It’s a saying.
No it isn’t.
[Laughs]
I don’t need you to look out for me. College is college is college, who *cares* if I play beer pong here or in Vermont or anywhere else, it doesn’t matter.
Okay, well, we’re just gonna table this discussion for when I’m better prepared and I can destroy you.
[sigh]
Thanks so much for bringing me out you guys.
I can tell I’m gonna have a really good time.
Ugh, I’m sorry, we’ll stop.
Yeah, this’ll be fun, don’t worry. Even if Alex is a listless drifter ruining her own life.
We, uh, we don’t normally bicker so much.
Yes, normally I just agree with everything she says. So… this is unusual.
Oh shut up, what else would you be doing.
Good point.
We’ll, uh, we’ll stop now. I’ll stop. The adventure awaits!
So, back up a second. Who’s Mrs. Adler?
Jonas, did you know a little birdy told me that our Alex here is thinking of going out of *state* to college?
The beaten path officially ends here. The beach is past the fence. I think Jerry told me that there’s a way they used to get over it, but… I’m blanking on what it was.
But it’s not-- I mean, it can’t be too difficult.
Oh. Perfect.
Well just wait a minute and let me think.
Well, look, there must be something. I mean, if *Jerry* got over…
Yeah, exactly.
Not too difficult.
“When the flag is flying, we are… funning?”
“Running,” but I think a kid wrote over it. And it doesn’t say “funning.”
Oh.
I forgot this was even here.
Yeah, what is it?
But anyways, Jonas, the statue's for like the only time in history an American sub was destroyed in our waters or something like that.
Its propeller was the one thing recovered, so…
They made it into like a monument. The crew are listed on the plaque thing.
Yeah, I hate thinking about it. It reminds me of those scenes in movies where the sailors have to seal somebody up to drown or else the flooding will take the whole ship, you know?
Yeah, definite nightmare food.
“War… is Hell.”
“The only prescription for War… is War.”
You know *way* too much about this stuff, Ren, Jesus.
I’m excited to be here doing this, finally, okay, so sue me, I studied.
I hadn’t heard of it.
Yeah, if you had… you’d of heard of the town. But since you haven’t, you hadn’t.
Man, they close up early.
Well, no point in staying open if nobody’s here.
That’s true.
We’re here! Maybe I wanna buy an ornament or something!
[sigh]
It’s kinda kitschy. Right? It’s kinda kitschy?
What, the town?
I like it, I like kitschy stuff. It’s like the opposite of ugly, scratchy nature.
Can’t we just climb it?
Not unless you wanna slice up your hands like, uh… cut up piece of fruit… or… actually I’ll just stick with that, just imagine fruit.
Is this safe? Like, what happens if we get hurt? Will anyone even know?
No, but that’s the fun of it, right? The *danger*. The *suspense*.
Other kids have done this before... right? So let’s just not be the first idiots to get killed.
Bam. Exactly.
What will actually happen if we get caught, anyway?
Most likely a very stern talking to by the weekend rent-a-boat-cop. Nothing that will go on your permanent record.
I think the dumpster will get us over if it’ll, uh, budge.
Let’s try it.
Alex, do the, uh, the Walking Tour radio thing so Jonas can hear. 102.3.
It’s kind of a weird little, like, “feature” of the island where you can hear facts about different stuff by tuning to this station.
For people who want to learn stuff.
Uhhh, maybe we can do the “Walking Tour” later… like, after three beers.
Ughgh, *Anyways*, Jonas, it’s like the only time in history an American sub was destroyed in our waters or something like that.
So… this is cool, what is it?
So… wait, sorry, what is the statue?
It’s a memorial for a sunken submarine. Alex, tune to 102.3 so we can hear the “guide.”
It’s kinda fun, it’s like a-- a museum tour.
Oh, okay.
It’s, uh, no big deal.
Alex, seriously, it’ll take two seconds, just tune to 102.3 so Jonas can hear about the statue.
Um, okay, sure.
It’s just, uh, 102.3.
Really, it’s, uh, it’s pretty interesting…
Eh, it’s alright, I don’t have to hear it.
But, *Anyways*, Jonas, the statue’s for like the only time in history an American sub was destroyed in our waters or something like that.
Um, I think it’s supposed to say, “running.”
I guess no point in staying open if nobody’s here.
Uh, if nobody lives here and the stores are all closed, who’s car is this?
Oh, there’s always that one lonely car in every parking lot.
Hey, uh, this is the “Parks and Facilities Office.” Didn’t-- didn’t your sister Allison work here?
Allie? Yeah she did for a few years actually. Easy money, since nobody’s allowed in the “parks,” and barely anybody here needs “facilities.”
Does this go anywhere?
More closed stores. Or trees. I dunno. But it’s not where we’re going.
Oh, uh, I think they block this off at night since… nobody needs to use it? Or maybe they just had a parade…
Sure, either one.
“Parks and Facilities Office.” Ren’s sister Allison used to work here. You’d like her. She’s tall.
Uh, alright.
It’s a monument to some submarine that was sunk off the coast.
Oh, do the, uh, do the radio guide thing they talked about on the boat, you know?
It's what, it's 102.3?
I just wanna see how it works.
Okay, that’s true, we’ll be here all night.
I *think* they said it’s 102.3.
But… maybe I heard wrong?
Eh, you know what, it’s alright, I don’t need to hear it. We can maybe come back later.
Yeah, no, I always thought submarine duty was the worst possible war assignment. There’s nowhere to go if something goes wrong.
My Dad had a buncha comics named that from like the seventies. But it was like...
*Lliterally* the marines fighting Satan or dinosaurs or something.
Anyways…
I’d never heard of this before...
Kinda creepy, in a way, right?
Uh, yeah, it’s like a quiche.
Won't take long, I promise!
Really, it's, uh...
...it's pretty interesting.
Whoa, did you feel that?
Feel what?
Uh… huh, that’s, um, odd.
What is?
Oh God, Jonas, maybe she-- I don’t know, maybe the fall *did*...
Clarissa, can you hear me?
Because we don’t know what that it is! It might not even *be* Clarissa!
Because she-- she could be *dangerous*, she--
She-- she wasn’t herself earlier, she could be possessed or…
Is she-- is she alive, or…?
So… it’s the Parks and Facilities Building? That’s… down a bit, right?
Yeah, we’re-- we’re close.
Yep, we just gotta… break in, find the key if there’s a key-- hopefully there’s a key-- and leave.
Yeah, I just hope Ren’s not misremembering his sister’s job or something.
If I’m remembering the right building, I don’t... think it’s far.
So the Parks and Facilities Building’s just down the way here.
Yeah, we’re getting there.
There’s a key, don’t worry.
Yeah… I just hope this whole thing works.
It’ll work.
It’s not far.
So… I think I remember the Parks and Facilities Building being, like, just down the hill here a bit.
It’s not that far now.
That’s-- Alex, that’s Clarissa.
She’s alive, y--you’re *alive*! Man, I have *never* been so happy to see you in my life.
Clarissa, *where* have you been! The last time we saw you’d jumped out a window! I mean, I thought-- we thought you were dead!
Clarissa, how-- how are you-- how are you not dead right now? Like swan dive out of a window, empty pool dive dead?
Can you, like, do me a favor and maybe come down from there?
Holy-- Jesus Christ, Alex, *what* is happening?!
What’s… how’d she get up there?
Clarissa, what are you doing?
Ugh, is this what I looked like when-- when that stuff happened?
Clarissa, can you hear me?
Ugh, God, not again! I hate when this happens!
Okay, just what do you guys want, huh? This isn’t-- this has just really *lost* its charm, I have to say!
Clarissa, wake *up*! Fight them off, take control of yourself! Uh, uh-- hang in there… baby…
Ugh, can you, like-- I mean, you helped me before, right? Can you help her, is there-- whatever you did, can you do it again?
Ugh, I don’t even want to look at her, it’s so…
It’s making my stomach churn.
I can… I’ll try, okay, I’ll try.
What-- okay, Ren, tell me what you expect me to do in this situation. Really.
I don’t know! Whatever you did with me, isn’t that-- you did *something*, right, to, like, snap me out of whatever?
This happened to Jonas, too, it’s-- it’s, I dunno, it’s like when *they* wanna talk or something.
Hey, we’re not *toys*, guys!
Clarissa, how are you, uh, doing, honey?
Alex, seriously, can you help me with this a little?
Clarissa, to start, can you, like, climb down there and let us get a look at you? No? Don’t want to?
Clarissa!
Are you…?
What are you-- how’d she get up there?
What are you doing?
Clarissa, what-- Alex, Christ, what’s wrong with her?
Clarissa? Can you-- can you hear me?
Alex, do you know what’s happening, is she-- is she gonna be okay?
Ugh, Alex, please-- can you just-- I don’t know what you can do, but can you just do something, please, just try anything.
Like-- ugh.
Clarissa?!
What-- okay, Nona, tell me what you expect me to do in this situation. Really.
I don’t know! I’m sorry, I’m-- I’ve just never seen this *ever*, I thought-- I thought maybe you would know something or… God, I don’t know.
Ugh, *God*.
Clarissa, can you-- can you hear me?
Alex, come on, just-- please try and get her down at least, please, somehow.
Clarissa, can you come down?
Ugh, she just looks awful.
Is that… oh my God, that’s Clarissa.
She’s… well I was gonna say “okay,” but…
I’m... not too sure about that...
Clarissa, you… feeling okay?
Oh Jesus she has the-- she’s doing the thing, the eye thing.
*Christ*, this is not-- I’m not getting used to this, I’ll be honest.
Uh, Clarissa?
Okay, good try.
But, uh, maybe the ghosts… like, wanna help?
Maybe they wanna… maybe the ghosts or whatever wanna help us somehow?
Is that the, like, *point* of trying to-- trying to-- to whatever, *talk* through us or something?
And that’s why they keep, uh, possessing people? Or...
Clarissa, how are you, uh, doing, hon?
Alex, little help over here?
Clarissa, why don’t you crawl down from there, please?
[disgruntled sigh]
Maybe…
I guess… only way to find out.
Yeah, or maybe they want something else.
Something… else?
This happened to Jonas, too. It's-- it's-- I dunno, it's like when they wanna talk or something...
No!
Christ!
You think… you can control me?
I… what… I… no, I’m not trying to--
No, you’re not *trying*. You’re not trying at all.
*Yes*, Clarissa, we-- we are, we’re--
This isn’t trying. You’re walking around pointing a radio at things. Might as well be a *stick*.
What-- what *more* can we do, we’re *barely* holding on to our--
“What more can you do?” You can do your *job*, that’s just for starters. You can *be* what you signed up for.
*We’re* not trying? What about you? What have you done?! You get *stuck* in Milner, you *ask* for our help, you--
What have I done? I’ve sacrificed. I’ve made… immense… *bottomless*... sacrifices.
Clarissa, we’re not-- she’s not trying to *control* you, she’s trying to prevent whatever is happening from--
Something is happening. Something. Soon.
I’m-- I’m trying to help you! This is-- this will--
Help me? …”Help me,” how will that help me?
It-- it’s helped the others! Ren, and Nona, they’ve gone through the same--
Gone through what? They’re children. They’ve gone through nothing.
Don’t you-- there’s a *ghost* in you right now, they’re-- they’ve, like, *perverted* this whole--
Ghosts? Sounds pretty scary, kids. Better leave the night light on.
Clarissa, c’mon! We just want to help you.
And you will. Soon enough.
Are you-- are you not… possessed right now?
“Possessed.” I am possessed, I am… consumed… with an unending fury.
Consumed with-- what are you mad at? We’re-- we’ve all been--
I’m not *mad*, dear. I’m tired.
Is this-- is this *you*, right now, Clarissa, or is this a ghost, cause if it’s--
Ghosts? Sounds pretty scary, kids. Better leave the night light on.
Clarissa, we’re your friends! This whole *thing* has been about *saving* you from--
*Friends*? You have a distasteful definition.
Clarissa, if you’re not-- I don’t know what’s going on, but just tell us what to do.
You can’t do *anything*. It’s too late for that.
When you're off, the little machine has no more heart than a brain.
No more heart… than…
Ahhh!
You haven’t changed, not a bit.
But you’re a fine girl.
I was looking forward to seeing you.
Yes I used to dream about something like this.
She was wonderful with her hands.
Yet, I keep hurting and I really don’t want to.
Clarissa…
We’re-- she’s trying, Clarissa, this isn’t about… She’s trying to--
We-- just *tell* us how to help you, then. We’re *trying* to help you.
Clarissa, just tell us what to do. What-- what can we do?
Jesus.
Clarissa…
Clarissa, I don’t know… *what* they’ve told you, or what’s happening, but….
Clarissa, really, we just want to help you.
Clarissa, come on, just… come off there, we can--
Is she… okay, or…
She’s-- Clarissa, are you okay?
Man, Jonas, what was-- what was all that about?
I don’t know.
Clarissa, are you alright?
[sigh]
Steady, just-- take it easy…
I’m *fine*, I can-- I’m fine.
Back to normal? I hope?
Back to normal? What does that even--. How did I get here.
Do you… remember anything that happened?
I remember… waiting in Fort Milner… and seeing you.
That’s it?
How did I get here.
Clarissa, was that-- was any *part* of you, in there, just now?
In where? What are you talking about.
Just now. All that stuff about… we can’t control you, or…
Uh, the usual answer to any question tonight has been, “I have no idea,” and… sorry to say, but this is no different.
There’s been, like, time, uh, *disturbances* or something, and… I think it’s what’s been teleporting people around… so.
Time disturbances?
Clarissa, you were *dead* a minute ago. Do you-- do you realize that?
We saw your body, no joke.
Okay. Well, I’m alive now, so. Hallelujah.
You really don’t remember anything?
No... I remember something. I remember you… with that *radio*...
And I remember feeling... like you were the reason all of this was happening.
You are *not* blaming me for this, Clarissa, this is-- this is *so* outside of logic of reason of-- of *anything* that could *possibly* be anticipated.
It’s really not her fault, Clarissa.
Look, when we went into the cave, we found a… *thing*... and… I used the radio to somehow tune it in and... I think it jump started everything.
Clarissa, *please* don’t draw a chalk line here, don’t make *factions*, just-- we *have* to stick together if we’re gonna make it through this.
There’s no reason, Clarissa. Alex *didn’t* cause this.
I’m sorry, okay. I-- I’m sorry.
But, I mean, *c’mon*, like who *knew* this would happen! We thought it was a weird trick of light or something.
Jonas, now you’re seeing who you’re *stuck* to until graduation.
Jonas, I’m sorry, but you don’t know who you speak of, dear.
It *has* to be her fault, *of course* it’s her fault.
Why?! *Why* does it *have* to be my fault!
“Why” does it have to be your fault?! Are you *kidding* me?
Don’t listen to her, okay. She’s pissed at the world and she likes to take it out on me and none of what’s happening makes any sense anyway!
I’m not-- it’s not a--
Okay, Clarissa, c’mon, I said I was sorry, you don’t have to pile on.
“Pile on?”
It was *both* of us, Jonas there, too, it’s not like *I* decided to end the world tonight or something!
Oh my *God*! You see this?
She’s not a--. I’ve been with her the whole time, alright?
You’re gonna learn, Jonas, I swear to God-- the town looks at her like she has a red letter tattooed on her frickin’ forehead...
Clarissa…
--and the *giant*, lit-up *Christmas tree* reason why is that Michael is *dead* because of her!
Clarissa, I don’t know *what* you’re talking about, but this does *not* seem like the time *or* the place, so--
No, this is *exactly* the time, *exactly* the place, before you go *anywhere* else with her.
It would take a very *sick* person to see it that way, and I would *love* to hear the explanation!
Clarissa, just *shut* *up*! Look around, we’re not at *high school* where anyone gives a crap about your *pet miseries*!
Michael *drowned*in Horn Lake two years ago... and you wanna know why?
That doesn’t make it my *fault!* *Anyone* could’ve been there -- *anyone* -- and then *they* would’ve had to watch him die, you *unbelievable* prick!
“Anyone* wouldn’t have watched him die, Alex, anyone *else* would have done something!
You weren’t there! *No one* was there so how the *Hell* would you know!
*Everyone* knows! *Everyone* knows the *freak* sister who let her brother die while she clung scared to the bow line!
You are-- you’re *completely* insane! It’s like all those after school specials that warn you about *inhuman monsters* were all secretly talking about you!
Yes, the person who *didn’t* kill her own brother is the monster in this picture, of course!
Okay, enough! Seriously!
This is-- Clarissa, this is sooo...
Jonas, it *wasn’t* my fault, really.
I believe you, okay?
Jonas, don’t-- just don’t think of me like--
I don’t, I won’t.
Jonas, it was… awful, alright? It’s *still* awful, and I--
I know… I know, it’s okay, I know.
Yeah, I have.
But right now, we’re going to break into that office. And we’re gonna find the key.
And we’re going to go home.
No.
No? What do you mean--
All the outs in free.
Okay… just take it slow.
You’ve… just been through something.
We-- I think we were hoping you could tell us that.
But, I don’t even know if it matters, you’re here now.
Now, you tell me…
What would give me purpose to feel like that.
I see.
There’s *no other way* this story goes.
She *creates* *chaos*, she’s a *storm chaser*.
Because of *her*!
Like, do you *understand* who you’re living with?
She’s a *pox*, Jonas!
She makes *bad things* happen!
I-- I can’t even *believe* we’re talking about this right now.
She’s--
*Enough*. I mean it.
Um, that’s a complicated question. Clarissa, are you alright?
Man, Ren, what was-- what was all that about?
I am really the wrong person to ask that.
Clarissa, are you alright?
Steady, just-- take it easy…
Are you sure?
Because you took… quite a little tumble...
Nothing else?
That stuff you were saying… you seemed… upset.
You don’t know how you got up there?
You remember that part at least, right, being up on the thing?
You really don’t remember anything?
Clarissa, seriously, I can vouch for this, this isn’t her fault.
Uh, there is no “purpose” for that since Alex didn’t do anything wrong.
Boy, I envy you, Ren. You’ve gotten to just see… *one* side of Alex your entire life.
You haven’t seen *this* half.
Ren, I know you’re her friend, but you have absolutely no idea what you’re talking about.
Clarissa, please don’t make this about you and her, it’s not.
Ren, I know you like to *block it out*, but this town looks at her like she has a red letter tattooed on her frickin’ forehead...
Clarissa…
Didn’t she tell you?!
Like, do you *understand* who you hang out with?
I *know* what happened, Clarissa, of course I do, I wore my first *suit* at the guy’s funeral.
There is no *way* she told you *really* what happened.
I’d *love* to hear how she framed it to you, Ren. “A freak accident,” right? Nope!
The only reason Michael *drowned* is because *she* convinced him to go swimming in Horn Lake while she could barely flap her arms!
She’s a *pox*, Ren!
Okay, I’m not listening to this anymore!
I-- I can’t even *believe* we’re talking about this right now.
Stop it. Right now. I mean it.
Ren, it *wasn’t* my fault, really.
You don’t have to convince me of anything, Alex. Believe me.
Ren, don’t-- just don’t think of me like--
I don’t even know why I’m-- of *course* you would take her side.
I’m on the *side* of the person who’s not making things *worse* right now, Clarissa. That’s it.
Ren, it was… awful, alright? It’s *still* awful, and I--
Now, we’re going to break into that office and we’re gonna find the damn key and we’re gonna go home.
No? What do you--
She’s-- I think so. Clarissa, are you okay?
Man, Nona, what was that all that about?
I don’t know.
Clarissa, are you alright?
You scared the crap out of us.
Okay… are you sure?
Cause… that didn’t look… great.
That was a while ago.
You were like-- I mean, were you like sleepwalking? Or? Can you remember, or…?
You don’t remember how you got here?
Really?
So… you’re just blank.
Clarissa, really… this isn’t her fault, she tried to help you.
I don’t-- I think you were dreaming, Clarissa. Don’t, like, read into it.
See, Nona, I told you… this-- it’ll *never* end with her.
Nona, c’mon, you *know* her.
No, c’mon, Clarissa, let’s not do this right now.
No, you have to know-- she *has* to know that the town looks at her like she’s got a red letter tattooed on her frickin’ forehead...
Clarissa…
So who *else* would’ve caused tonight!
You tell me!
Clarissa, I *know* you’re upset, but this is not--
Have you ever even *heard* the story? You wanna know *why* Michael drowned two years ago?
She’s a *pox*.
Okay, I’m sorry, but *enough*, Clarissa, that’s enough.
It’s too much right now, I can’t-- I can’t believe--
Seriously, enough.
Nona, it *wasn’t* my fault, really.
I don’t-- just, Alex, this is none of my business, okay? None.
I thought you would-- *Jesus Christ* can’t you be *with* me with this.
I *am* with you, Clarissa, but…
Nona, don’t-- just don’t think of me like--
Nona, it was… awful, alright? It’s *still* awful, and I--
But we came here to do a thing and that thing is gonna get us home.
So let’s get home.
Clarissa, what are you--
Wait, it’s Clarissa’s turn already?
Yeah, it’s my turn, what do you mean, “It’s Clarissa’s turn already.”
I haven’t even asked one question.
Everyone’s asking me, I get to do the asking now.
[laughs a little]
Explain why me and my best friend…
And your idiot best friend…
And your new step brother are all screwed.
And you of all of people should know what my question is gonna be cause I’m not gonna waste it.
Alex. What did you do.
Wait, what’s going on? We’re back at the-- huh?
It’s Clarissa’s turn.
Yeah, it’s Clarissa’s turn.
Are you-- are you controlling this?
It’s, uh, my *turn* if that’s what you mean…
Guys, okay, I know you think we’re still playing Truth or Slap or whatever, but this isn’t *real*, so--
Well, wait, Clarissa hasn’t gotten a chance to ask something yet, so..
Yeah.
Michael was gonna leave town! He was free, he was *outta here* until *this* one convinced him to take her *swimming* for one last *God knows what!*
And he drowned!
He drowned in Horn Lake while this one could barely flap her arms!
[Incoherent mumbling]
Maybe this isn’t a good idea. I mean, don’t you feel a little like a rabbit chasing a strung up carrot?
So, let’s--.. wait, wasn’t-- wasn’t Clarissa with us like two seconds ago?
That’s crazy, she was-- it was like she was just here.
Did she run back to the gate?
But really, wasn’t Clarissa with us like a second ago?
Or...
Yeah, she *was* but... we were time looped or *whatever* again, so… God only knows where she is now.
Damn it. Yeah, she *was* just here.
Wait, I’m getting… it’s deja vu again, are we-- did we get glitched again?
Clarissa? Clarissa was just-- she was by the monument.
You know, I don’t-- I don’t understand… how what we did in that *cave* is making-- making any of this happen.
Like, *what* are the triangles, what are the gates…
What are the-- why are there *ghosts*, why is--
Why is any of this happening?
Uh, maybe tuning in just... knocked everything… off center a bit?
But I mean I might as well be talking about flying carpets cause… just who knows with this stuff.
I don’t know if I buy the whole… *we’re* causing it thing. The ghosts could be… messing with stuff, messing with us, I don’t know.
It’s not even our fault, we just-- I mean, how does a *radio* have this sort of effect! On anything! It doesn’t! It can’t!
Okay, well… I’m not gonna… whatever, we’re here to get the key, and then we can leave and put *all* of this *far* behind us… let’s do it, the Office is right here.
Let’s get in, c’mon, Alex.
I’m gonna need your help with the door thing, I’m sure.
Hey. Whoah. *Man*, do you-- do you ever get deja vu?
Geez, I just got like a serious thing of goosebumps from one.
Boy.
Hoo boy. I got a *massive* basket of deja vu dumped on my head just now.
You ever get that?
[shudders]
I haven’t had one of those since I saw those two brown dogs.
Yes. I have gotten -- and presumably will continue to get -- deja vu.
It’s like a-- it feels like an iguana running up and down your spine or something. Yeesh.
Uh, I guess you don’t remember, like, anything that just happened... right?
Uhhhh think I’m gonna need a refresher… so….
Constantly. I’m like… the Empress of deja vu, it’s kinda been my-- it’s kinda been like the *theme* of the whole night, really.
I would’ve thought *ghosts* would be the theme, but, okay, I’ll roll with it.
Alright, the office is like right there, so. Let’s do it.
I mean, judging by your face it was probably bad.
But… that’s about par for the course going by the night’s, uh, pattern.
Clarissa, like, totally freaking out on me? Blaming me for-- for everything? More than everything?
Um, I remember-- I kinda remember Clarissa being… strange. Yeah, I’m going with that, strange.
But that’s it.
Uh, Clarissa being *possessed* and shrieking at me would probably be the big kahuna here.
Okay, well, we came here for the key, or whatever it’s gonna end up being that let’s us into the gate, so… Alex, let’s… get in the office.
We all know why we’re here, right? To get the key from the office? Just checking, cause… we’re not exactly, like, doing that.
It’s so weird, it’s like… cold mice feet on your skin, or something.
Um, to what “anything” are you referring?
Like… like just now? Um, nope, I don’t really remember that.
Exactly...
I… huh, I *sorta* can picture Clarissa being, like, *weird*, or something… but… I dunno, it’s kind of a blur, to be honest.
Okay, well, the… the office that we gotta try to get into is, like, right here, so… let’s try and whatever our way in.
We’re gonna-- we’re gonna try and get into the office… thing… right? To get the key?
Alex, wanna try and get the key for the gate? You know, the… reason we’re here?
Oh, I didn’t know.
Hey. Whoah. *Man*, do you-- do you guys ever get deja vu?
Geez, I just got like a serious thing of goosebumps from one.
Geez, I just got like a serious thing of goosebumps from one.
Boy.
Yes. I have gotten -- and presumably will continue to get -- deja vu.
It’s so weird, it’s like… cold mice feet on your skin, or something.
Uh, I guess you don’t remember, like, anything that just happened... right?
Um, to what “anything” are you referring?
Exactly?
*What*! Where is she?
Okay.
Constantly. I’m like… the Empress of deja vu, it’s kinda been my-- it’s kinda been like the *theme* of the whole night, really.
Oh, I didn’t know.
It’s so weird, it’s like… cold mice feet on your skin, or something.
We’re gonna-- we’re gonna try and get into the office… thing… right? To get the key?
Alex, wanna try and get the key for the gate? You know, the… reason we’re here?
Hoo boy. I got a *massive* basket of deja vu dumped on my head just now.
You ever get that?
[shudders]
I haven’t had one of those since I saw those two brown dogs.
Yes. I have gotten -- and presumably will continue to get -- deja vu.
It’s like a-- it feels like an iguana running up and down your spine or something. Yeesh.
Uh, I guess you don’t remember, like, anything that just happened... right?
Uhhhh think I’m gonna need a refresher… so….
I mean, judging by your face it was probably bad.
But… that’s about par for the course going by the night’s, uh, standards.
Constantly. I’m like… the Empress of deja vu, it’s kinda been my-- it’s kinda been like the *theme* of the whole night, really.
I would’ve thought *ghosts* would be the theme, but, okay, I’ll roll with it.
It’s like a-- it feels like an iguana running up and down your spine or something. Yeesh.
Okay, well, we came here for the key, or whatever it’s gonna end up being that let’s us into the gate, so… Alex, let’s… get in the office.
We all know why we’re here, right? To get the key from the office? Just checking, cause… we’re not exactly, like, doing that.
Alright, teamwork.
Alright, let’s see if Ren’s plan was a good one or not.
Cross your fingers and hold your thumbs.
Ren’s a good egg. If he thinks there’s something in here, there probably is.
I once saw him guess the *exact* change in his couch cushion. Down to the nickel.
Good for him.
Well, I guess we’ll find out, won’t we.
I’m sure it’s here. Uh, somewhere.
The key better be here...
I just wish I could remember what else she said-- like, where they even keep *keys* or… like, where they stored the mail and stuff.
I’m… sure he’s right.
And besides we’re kind of actually trusting his sister more than we’re trusting *him*, and… Allie’s no dummy, so.
Yeah.
Alright, teamwork.
I’m… sure he’s right.
And besides we’re kind of actually trusting his sister more than we’re trusting *him*, and… Allie’s no dummy, so.
Cross your fingers and hold your thumbs.
Well, I guess we’ll find out, won’t we.
What does it even look like?
Yeah.
I mean, that gate’s like built for a compound.
Alright, teamwork.
Oh yeah, this a sure thing.
Allie wouldn’t make up something so boring.
Ren’s a good egg. If he thinks there’s something in here, there probably is.
I once saw him guess the *exact* change in his couch cushion. Down to the nickel.
Oh, yeah! I was on *fire* that April... that was a good month for prognosticating.
Cross your fingers and hold your thumbs.
Well, I guess we’ll find out, won’t we.
I just wish I could remember what else she said-- like, where they even keep *keys* or… like, where they stored the mail and stuff.
Oh, it’s here. It’s definitely here. I’ll bet Allie’s life on it.
Yeah, it was more just to say it out loud.
Uh, I think here’s something.
It’s another pocket radio, I-- I think, but… it’s like… there’s *way* more stations on the dial.
It says that-- here’s another one. It says they’re “WAL Radios.”
WAL stands forrrr... “Wave Assisted Lock.”
Oh, they use-- it’s that frequency thing, where each frequency is like a key to open the doors around here.
Ahh, okay, cool, great.
Really? How does it work…?
I’m not… entirely… sure, but… it looks pretty simple according to the, uh, thing here.
You just tune into whatever the signal is and… uh…. that should be it.
Great, let’s hike it back to the gate.
Oh wait, look at this.
“Personal effects of Margaret Dorothy Adler.”
Why would *her* stuff be here? Didn’t her family, or, like-- *hasn’t* her family been carting her things back to town?
Oh, uh, maybe we shouldn’t mess with it, then…
We came in here to steal a key to her property, Alex, we can… slightly *dishevel* a box of her old junk.
We can head back, I’m just gonna… here. This is…
“To whom it should concern,” this is a letter from her.
“This island, and its history, is a lie.”
What? What could that mean?
What-- what is that, who’s it for?
“To whom it should concern,” it says right at the top.
Wait, isn’t she dead? Didn’t she die like yesterday or something?
It’s dated a month ago, but-- here, just listen.
“I have been compelled by both forces outside my control and my own willful concern for the safety of others… to conceal the many truths about Edwards Island.”
“Forces outside her control?” Like… like *ghosts*, or the-- the army, or what was she talking about?
I don’t know.
“The safety of others?” If she’s talking about tuning into floating shapes, that ship has sailed.
Shhh!
“Many truths?”
“Inside, you’ll find two WAL-equipped radios.”
Scavenger hunt, scavenger hunt, scavenger hunt!
Wait!
Oh God, chores. I don’t care if the soldiers secretly smoked opium or got the village wives pregnant, I just wanna get out of here.
*Alright*, just-- lemme finish.
Huh? What the Hell is she talking about?
… and that will somehow lead us to, like, information or secret stuff or... something.
“My hope is that by enshrouding the intelligence in such an obtuse manner, its detection will discourage most innocent seekers.”
“Thereby allowing it to befall the *correct*--,” Correct is underlined, “--person.”
“Correct person,” that’s totally us!
*Slow* down. There’s more.
“Correct person,” it’s like she *knew* I would find it.
Good luck, lady.
“To whosoever finds the material, know that I am discomfited for keeping it hidden... and ashamed for the lies I helped preserve.”
“But also know that I acted in what... I felt were the best interests for all at the time.”
Christ, this is a-- this is like *literally* a treasure map.
Please, do *not* get glassy eyes over this, okay?
You-- *we* do not have to dig up some old lady’s recycling, we can just go home.
I’ve had-- I’ve seriously had, like, *dreams* about this! Finding a secret, digging it up, it turning out to be a mechanical unicorn…
Yeah, there is *no* *way* I’m going *back* all over the island to find Maggie’s long lost journal entries or jarred pickles or *whatever* is buried out there.
No, totally agree.
“And truly... for the interest of time itself.”
And then it’s just signed, uh, Margaret Adler.
“And not the easily distracted military mind…”
“Nor the typically bewildered excursionist.”
“Find it... and discover the true chronicle of the island.”
“But now, I feel any further inaction...”
“...may carry a far greater risk.”
Wow, well… this is going somewhere.
It says that you use them like identification tags.
It must work for the gate, too.
It says that-- here’s another one. It says they’re “WAL Radios?”
“Wave Assisted Lock.” Huh.
I guess it says it’s that frequency thing, where each frequency is like a key to open the doors around here.
They used them like identification tags, I think.
It must open the gate, too.
I’m not… positive, but… it looks like you just tune into whatever the signal is and… uh…. that should be it.
Oh cool, check this out.
“Personal effects of Margaret Dorothy Adler.”
No no no we should definitely mess, I mean… here, look, it’s a letter.
We can head back, I’m just gonna… here. This is…
“To whom it should concern,” classic opening.
“This island, and its history, is a lie.”
Wow! Firing on all cylinders right at the start.
“To whom it should concern,” see, it says right at the top.
The date says it was written a month ago, but here… wait.
“I have been compelled by both forces outside my control and my own willful concern for the safety of others… to conceal the many truths about Edwards Island.”
“But now, I feel any further inaction...”
“...may carry a far greater risk.”
Who knows.
Shhh!
“Inside, you’ll find two WAL-equipped radios.”
“Find it... and discover the true chronicle of the island.”
Yeah yeah yeah hold on.
Okay, well that’s *your* opinion, lemme finish this here.
… and that will somehow someway take us to, like, secret treasure I’m just gonna assume or... something.
“My hope is that by enshrouding the intelligence in such an obtuse manner, its detection will discourage most innocent seekers.”
“Thereby allowing it to befall the *correct*--,” Correct is underlined, “--person.“
“To whosoever finds the material, know that I am discomfited for keeping it hidden... and ashamed for the lies I helped preserve.”
“But also know that I acted in what... I felt were the best interests for all at the time.”
“And truly... for the interest of time itself.”
Signed, Margaret Adler.
“And not the easily distracted military mind…”
“Nor the typically bewildered excursionist.”
It is *not* literally a treasure map, it is *literally* some old woman’s diuretic ramblings.
We got the “key,” the radio, that’s the main thing.
Okay, hold up, please.
Well… maybe, we’ll just run across one of ‘em or something.
Pretty, uh, interesting… at least.
Ooo, neato, here’s another one. It says they’re “WAL Radios?”
“Wave Assisted Lock.” Whatever that means.
Oh, duh, it says right here that each frequency is like a key to open the doors around here.
So they’re like ID tags or something.
It must work for the gate, too.
Like you just tune into the signal at one of the lock boxes and you’re in, I think.
Oh wait wait here’s like-- wait, what is this?
“Personal effects of Margaret Dorothy Adler.”
No no no we should definitely mess, I mean… here, look, it’s a letter.
No, we can start back, I just wanna… okay, here...
“To whom it should concern.”
“This island, and its history, is a lie.”
Geez. She didn’t have fond memories of this place, did she.
“To whom it should concern,” it says right here.
Uhhh, it’s dated a month, ago… so.
“I have been compelled by both forces outside my control and my own willful concern for the safety of others… to conceal the many truths about Edwards Island.”
“But now, I feel any further inaction...”
“...may carry a far greater risk.”
Lemme finish, then!
Shhh!
“Inside, you’ll find two WAL-equipped radios.”
““Find it... and discover the true chronicle of the island.”
Wait, wait.
Yeah, totally.
… and that will lead us to buried something or other? I dunno.
““My hope is that by enshrouding the intelligence in such an obtuse manner, its detection will discourage most innocent seekers.”
“Thereby allowing it to befall the *correct*--,” Correct is underlined, “--person.”
“And not the easily distracted military mind…”
“Nor the typically bewildered excursionist.”
“To whosoever finds the material, know that I am discomfited for keeping it hidden... and ashamed for the lies I helped preserve.”
“But also know that I acted in what... I felt were the best interests for all at the time.”
“And truly... for the interest of time itself.”
“Margaret Adler.”
Well… kinda. It’s neat, but… I dunno, we should probably just get home before we, like, die.
Yeah, we’ve all had the mechanical unicorn dream but I think I’m ready to just go home, to be totally… face up with you.
Yeah, no, maybe next time, or… never.
Weird lady.
“I have commandeered the old Cardinal Station, 140.1, and used it to relay clues to nearby beacons buried throughout the area.”
“Find these beacons, and the notes within…”
“And discover the true chronicle of the island.”
It’s like if we use these new radios, we can tune to 140.1 and hear, like, instructions that will lead us to buried stuff. I dunno.
“I have commandeered the old Cardinal Station, 140.1, and used it to relay clues to nearby beacons buried throughout the area.”
“Find these beacons, and the notes within…”
“And discover the true chronicle of the island.”
It’s like if we use these new radios, we can tune into 140.1...
“I have commandeered the old Cardinal Station, 140.1, and used it to relay clues to nearby beacons buried throughout the area.”
“Find these beacons, and the notes within…”
“And discover the true chronicle of the island.”
It’s like if we use these new radios, we can tune to 140.1...
Well, this is the Parks and Facilities building… but it’s locked.
Yeah, okay, I mean, yeah that’s why we came here, but… statue girl’s having a bit of an issue right now.
Don’t you think we should just like…
Fix that first?
You know what, *honestly* Jonas, I don’t really care right now!
I just want to get that key and get on the boat, and if we have to carry her ass there, then we’ll do it, okay?
Well, *I’m* not carrying her and Ren’s half your size so just help her now, okay, please.
We need that key, Jonas, or the *code* or… whatever it is that will unlock the gate. Clarissa can mumble to herself for two minutes.
Maybe being in this-- this *state* or whatever for two minutes will give her brain damage, you ever think of that!
There’s probably a ghost kicking around in her gray matter up there, overturning chairs so…
Come on, let’s… tune it out or whatever.
Oh, please! Brain damage?!
We don’t know! Nobody knows! So let’s do what we *do* know and help Clarissa.
Alright, alright, fine.
Yeah. Good point.
Okay, I’ll just answer my own question. “Yes, we need to fix that, first.”
Yeah, this isn’t budging.
The lock looks, uh, less than modern… let’s just brute force it, both of us.
It might splinter, but…
We should get in.
“Brute force it?” What is that supposed to mean?
Elbow grease, shoulder, uh, lard. We’re gonna break down the door, okay, us, together.
I don’t get enough breaking down doors in my life, really, so I’m not gonna complain.
Wait, what about like the alarms?
Yeah. Please, come and arrest us, just get me outta here.
One.
Two.
Three!
[grunt]
[grunt]
[grunt]
[grunt]
I’m only one man, Alex, so… help me out here.
Alex, it’s an old lock but it’s still a lock, I can’t do it alone.
Alex. C’mon.
Man, if I knew then what I know now...
“To sign up for the Aquatics program… please register at the front desk.”
Yahh!
Ahhh!
Ahhh!
*Okay*, has that happened before?
Oh yeah. It’s… I feel like we’re like a call in show or something for them.
Nice.
Yeah, but… you’ll get used to it.
*Yes*. Frequently. It keeps gettin’ funnier, too. Thanks, guys!
Ahhh!
Holy *Christmas* is that like a thing that happens now?
Cause I think that shaved off like ten years.
*Good* years, too, not the back half.
Oh yeah. It’s… I feel like we’re like a call in show or something for them.
Oh *goodie*, thanks guys.
Yeah, but… you’ll get used to it.
I don’t really want to.
*Yes*. Frequently. It keeps gettin’ funnier, too. Thanks, guys!
Hey, know what kind of jet that is?
Nope.
Not a chance.
I go looking for trivia, I end up with disappointment.
It looks like it was painted in an acrylic matte gel, if that helps?
Cool. Carry on.
Uh, I think it’s a Banshee. Used a lot in the Korean War. Actually, it-- oh wait, it’s a *Banshee*.
That’s funny, right? We’re dealing with ghosts and a Banshee’s painted on the ceiling?
Right?
It’s, like, I mean it’s not hilarious or whatever but it’s, uh, *comical*.
Uhhh, maybe that went over my head, but…
Cause a banshee’s a spirit? C’mon, Alex, you know this, I mean, anyone who reads *comic books* knows this.
Oh, just *forget it*.
I think you’re reaching there.
“Reaching?!” *C’mon*, that’s-- that’s-- that’s, I mean it’s not *gold* but it’s silver, *bronze* at least.
Just forget I asked, okay, do me that favor.
You *know* it’s great.
Alex, *c’mon*, we can… break down the door or whatever *after* we fix Clarissa, alright?
C’mon, you’ve been dealing with stuff like this all night, can’t you help me?
Uh, *sure*, but we should probably help Clarissa right now, don’t you think?
Since she’s like… not doing too well?
Like *really* not well?
You know what, *honestly* Ren, I don’t really care right now!
If you wanna *climb* up there and get her, be my guest, but until we find a *forklift*, why don’t you try and work your magic and wake her up!
We need that key, Ren, or the *code* or… whatever it is that will unlock the gate. Clarissa can mumble to herself for two minutes.
No, I’d actually kinda prefer we fix the pressing, right in our face problem of Clarissa’s brain dying from ghost fever right now.
Just, c’mon, let’s try and fix her, first.
Alright, we’re kicking this baby in.
Like a-- a Western or something.
It’ll be fun.
Really? That’s it, that’s gonna work.
You’re darn right it is, I got the-- I got the legs, you got the wide, baby-birthin’ shoulders, let’s do this.
Um… I don’t know about that. I think… yeah, I think we can just bust our way through, honestly.
The lock looks pretty worn.
I think we should try it.
“Bust our way through?” What is that supposed to mean?
We’re gonna just, like, *bust* our way through, just like I said.
Alright, on the count of three, okay?
[grunt]
Alex, what-- what is--
What do you-- like, is there--
What-- what is--
[grunt]
Oh, do it with me, okay?
Just… it’ll be on three, alright?
I’ll be honest, Alex, I’m gonna need some help here…
Just, uh, can you help me with this?
Okay, please, you gotta help me with this or it’s never gonna budge.
Alright, seriously, I’m gonna need your weight, too.
Never gets old.
[mumbling mumbling mumbling]
Just need a little air, that’s all.
You’re as bad as a little baby, I’m still here, don’t worry.
I’m just saying, we need to get the thing, that’s all.
Come back, c’mon, let’s find the key.
I need you. Seriously. Got a key to find.
No, wait, we don’t have the-- we don’t have whatever’s gonna get us through that gate.
I’m resigned to the fact that there most likely *is* no *magic key* that’s gonna get us home, Jonas.
I’m resigned to the fact that there most likely *is* no *magic key* that’s gonna get us home, Jonas.
Let’s face it. We’re island folk now.
I won’t hear that kind of talk, alright?
I mean, If you wanna run around, fine, but we really should find what we came here for.
I just wanna run around a little bit before really settling into the, uh, the mission at hand or whatever.
I mean, If you wanna run around, fine, but we really should find what we came here for.
I mean, If you wanna run around, fine, but we really should find what we came here for.
Where you going? We haven’t gotten the thing yet.
We need your peepers for peeping over here. Got a key to find, c’mon.
Wait, we haven’t-- we didn’t find the key, yet, come back.
I’m still right here, don’t worry.
Wait, Alex… we can’t go back there without the key, they’re depending on us. *Nona* is depending on *me*.
If you wanna, like, take a breather or something, fine, but… we should really accomplish our goal, you know?
I’m resigned to the fact that there most likely *is* no *magic key* that’s gonna get us home, Ren.
We’re not *island folk*, alright, and there *is* a key here, and we *really* should get it, so… c’mon.
Ooh ooh hold up, don’t-- don’t leave, we got an escape key to find.
Look, if you need to stretch your legs, okay, I won’t tackle you, but… there *is* gonna be a key here, I can feel it in my bones.
I’m resigned to the fact that there most likely *is* no *magic key* that’s gonna get us home, Nona.
Whoah, oh my God, is this, like-- have you done this before?
What is-- what is even happening right now?
This is *insane*.
Yeah, I got this, don’t worry.
Uh… a few times. But it’s just like riding a bike, you know, you do it twice on grass, you’re a pro.
Oh, Alex, I mean… wait, maybe this isn’t a great idea. We didn’t come here for this…
I just wanna-- I’m sorry, I just wanna see what it’ll do, if there’s a-- a ghost here or something…
Ehhh, maybe? But… I don’t know…
Alex, what are you-- Christ, is this like something you do now?
What-- what is-- what’s happening?
Are you doing this on purpose?
Don’t you think we should leave this one alone?
Well… that was nutty.
God, I just wish my, like, perception of the entire foundation of the natural world could stop changing every ten minutes.
Much. Improved.
[quietly] Oh wow.
[quietly] Man.
[quietly nervous] Oh… Alex…?
I don’t understand. Why can’t you just leave us alone?
Alone. Time out. Is what you’ll be. If wanted.
Are you… are you keeping us here?
No. The island. Keeps us all. Zoned.
Can’t you just-- can’t you *stop* this. *Please*. Can’t you just let us leave?
If we could. Stop. We would. Not. How it works.
Alex, what-- what is--[gets cut off]
Shhhhhhhhh.
What do you-- like, is there--[gets cut off]
What-- what is--[gets cut off]
Many times. Must we say. You. Can. Not. Get out.
Talk. To radio. As much. As you like. Other Alex. Will not Help.
Betwixt. We are.
And. Joined. In always.
Wait, but *why* won’t what we’re doing help?
Why? There is no why. You opened. The gate. And sang. Descant.
“Talk to the radio?” You mean… those transmitter things?
Just-- can’t you just tell us what you need to get out of here, to go-- to go *home* or-- or whatever, whatever you call it?
No use. In try.
“Holiday.” That doesn’t, uh, sound so bad… I guess.
[angry-sigh] It’s like these guys can’t speak in anything but brain teasers.
You should be very impressed I did not pass out during that.
I am, Ren. I am.
Hey, I haven’t passed out all night, and I’ve seen some stuff that would *rapidly* age you.
Okay, it’s not a not-passing out contest.
Yeah, it’s a little annoying.
Hey, they gave us some stuff to chew on. We know-- well, we think we know we *might* be able to talk to, like, a *past* version of us or something... Or… well, maybe not.
[sarcastic] Yes, the pieces are all falling into place, clearly.
Yes. Let’s pick the *one* good word they said and hug it for dear life.
Sounds good to me.
Maybe… I dunno. One guy’s holiday is another guy’s endless lines and overpriced food.
Okay, and we’re meeting… who again?
My sister, Allison.
It’s just that-- I just thought you said the last ferry leaves in like half an hour.
It does but… look, Allie owes me *big* for the lawnmower thing that I promised to keep in Forever Secrets Land and she-- she knows how important tonight is, so…
She will definitely come here and she will definitely buy us whatever we want with her very believable fake ID.
Oh, I’m-- I’m not worried.
Ren, Allison’s flaked more times than I can count, and we really shouldn’t miss the ferry. I don’t think Karen’ll wait very long.
No no, Karen knows the deal, she’ll give us a grace period.
Neither of you has a fake ID? I mean… Ren, doesn’t the Treasury Office even let you use their laminating machine...
They do, they do, but it’s a privilege I’ve been sworn not to abuse, *Alex*...
Which coincidentally I’ve already *done* by making a bunch of car insurance mascot trading cards with it.
Wait, I never heard about a lawnmower thing, what lawnmower thing?
Well… I swore I wouldn’t talk about it. So.
It just involves Randall’s still missing gerbil and a lot of blade cleaner.
Wait. What.
I said I wouldn’t say anything, don’t pressure me!
Ugh, ew.
Hey, I want on the record that whatever you’re thinking right now is your own personal extrapolation so I’m still in the clear, keeping secrets-wise.
Sure.
Ugh, forget I asked.
Oh no, poor Captain Nibbles! I always wondered what happened to him…
I don’t even know what we’re doing, so.
Are we… I heard something about an island…
Don’t spoil it, don’t spoil it, I want to give you like the grand summation once we’re under way…
If *Allie* would ever get here.
Okay… here’s the-- okay, Alex bring out the radio, tune to a random station, and… if it’s somebody talking we’ll give her another five minutes, but if it’s *music* we’ll break off now.
We’ll let the stupid universe decide if stupid Allie is gonna stupid get here or not.
So… like... any station will do.
For the purposes of this… thing.
Just tune to anything, really.
Yeah, did you record something at the school station?
Or… what?
Seriously, Jonas, do you know who you have as a new sister?
I have goosebumps! Feel my arm!
You know you could’ve just said, “Ren, let’s not spend the night on an island’s forbidden beach filled with wonder and mystery!”
I would’ve understood! Well not really, but I would’ve tried!
There’s a word for it…
Right?
Alright, I guess that means--
Alex, this is…. you, okay? Just… don’t go into the cave. Whatever you do. Don’t go into the cave.
Alex, this is… Alex… Just… don’t use your radio for the rest of the night. Okay? Just don’t use your radio.
Alex, this is… Alex, and… listen, *don’t* come to Edwards Island. Whatever you do, just-- just don’t come here. Stay home. Stay... safe.
Hey, uh, Jonas, or-- or just to anyone listening, we're trapped in the--
Hey, Clarissa… are you still in the base? We’re in the Comm Room, I think, cause--
Hey, if you’re out there... Alex? We got stranded on Edwards Island… anybody have a--
Hello, hello, anybody out there? Uh, Alex? We missed the last ferry off the island so if anyone can--
Hey, people who are hopefully listening to this... that maybe includes another version of me, I need a connection to emergency services because we--
What… is that...
Alex, is that you?
What… is that...
Alex, is that you?
It, uh… it sounds… kinda like me. Right?
So weird.
Yeah.
Guys, that wasn’t me. Obviously. For one thing, I’m standing right here, for another I’ve never recorded a weird, uh, commercial or whatever that was. It’s just a person with my same sorta voice.
Huh.
It sounded… like… I mean, what were they even saying?
Something about Edwards Island, I think… ?
Something about a ferry, or… I dunno.
Something about emergency services…? I don’t know, I barely made it out.
Something about *Clarissa*, of all people, which is… I don’t know, maybe I misheard, but...
Man, I don’t even know why but it’s kind of, like, giving me like the creeps...
Yeah, it’s, uh, it’s funny, it sort of-- it’s weird cause hair-raising radio stuff is part of, like, tonight.
And “tonight” is...
No, man, I am *not* gonna ruin this for you, you’ll be happy when you-- I just don’t wanna build expectations if it’s-- if it’s not as good as I think it’s gonna be.
Okay, alright.
Thanks for nothing, Allie, you older sister *witch*!
Let’s just head to the boat. There’s no restroom and Karen gets a little ants in the pants if she has to hold it for a second past her shift ending.
Wow! That is some *hardcore* craziness, Alex, I don’t even know *how* you convinced Carly to let you record some spooky ass message for tonight but good friggin’ job, that was *amazing*.
What the Hell is this? That-- this doesn’t make any sense.
What does this mean?
What do you mean what does it mean?
Ren, *what* are you talking about, I have *no idea* what that was, I never said that, I-- I don’t even *know* Carly!
Um, I don’t think Alex did this…
C’mon, Alex, fun is fun, but…
Wait, you’re honestly telling me you don’t have anything to-- oh my God, I don’t even know why I’m playing into this.
What does, “Don’t go into the cave,” mean?
It’s because of tonight, it was the whole… thing of it.
Is that where we’re supposed to go? Edwards Island?
Yeah, that’s where we’re supposed to go, but…
Why does it matter if you use your radio?
Look, Alex, you didn’t have to go to all this trouble if you just wanted to sit in my den and watch that Swedish cartoon about the donkey carpenter for the eight hundredth time, instead.
Ren, I really didn’t do this, really! I don’t-- I’m as confused as you are!
No, wait, Ren, it’s-- I had nothing to do with this, I don’t care, we can still-- we can still go, really!
No, it’s fine, honestly, we’re probably too late to catch the last boat anyway.
And… to be honest, I don’t even think anybody else was gonna go, so… you know, we probably spared ourselves a lame night, truthfully.
Jonas, there’s a pizza place across the street from my house that’s like… the best.
New York, Chicago, they can all go and play with their butts for all I care cause nobody can touch Alfredo’s, swear to God.
Uh, cool, sounds good.
And you guys… you guys just met tonight, right?
Yeah, I’d been out of school and… you know, the timing just hadn’t worked out.
And what are you to him, Alex?
Hello out there? This is, uh, Cave FM, “No. 1 for Cave, Grotto and Subterranean Country.”
Hey, Ren? Nona? Can you guys hear me? It’s Alex, in case you can’t recognize my--
Uh, testing, testing… this is a test of the Beach Cave Emergency System…
[murmurings]
You know, the truth is… we could’ve left… whenever we wanted.
We weren’t… prisoners… of the cave.
Not in whole.
Waiting, and *screaming*...
...at anyone who’d give us so much as a glance.
Then just *leave*, then! Why are you-- why are you still here, why not move *on*, of all the--
Then why use my friends, why-- why are you *switching* with them, why are you *doing* this?!
Because… really...
What are you talking about? You could “leave?” What does that mean?
Us being here at *all*... is a constant *struggle*.
We’ve had our fingers dug into the cliff’s edge… waiting, and trying, to come back.
You *have* to let go. You *have* to-- why-- *why* haven’t you just let yourselves be--
What… what happens if you just… let go?
I am *not* sorry for you. You could’ve just… *ended*... at *any* time, I don’t even know *why* you wouldn’t just--
Because it’s *scary*, that’s why!
Have you ever stared into *nothing*, and *moved* with it, and felt *apart* in it!
*Yes*, I have, *actually*!
Oh, what, sitting in your room, *breaking* for your brother... You’re like *this* one!
No, of-- of *course* not, but *you* *have* to, no matter how *hard* it is!
No, we don’t “have” to. We don’t *have* to do anything, not anymore.
I can imagine it. Okay? You think contemplating annihilation makes you *special*?
What you can *imagine* is a toddler’s *toy bag* compared to facing real extinction. Don’t speak to us of imagination.
In truth… we don’t know what would happen if we were to just… stop. Stop *clinging*...
And now we don’t ever have to. We have a way *back* now, and it’s *you*.
It’s worse than when we were wilting to atoms!
Worse than… *dying*... the first time.
And we’re going to use it.
You will have to *eventually*, that’s-- this is how *life* works, *we’re* gonna die, or-- *you’re* gonna die as *us*.
And then we’ll come *back* as you. And we’ll be back in the revolutions… of everything.
You wanna see? You wanna see how it happened? Come here.
Look, I know… you’re afraid of what could happen, but…
We’ve had enough *fear* for several lifetimes. Do you wanna see? You can see, come here.
What about us? Huh? Because you don’t wanna punch out, *we* have to give up our lives *early*?
“You” give up? *We* gave up *everything*!
You wanna see? You wanna see how it happened, come here.
You know what? Here, this’ll help, you can see. You can see how it happened.
Over and over and over again.
Until they can’t hear us anymore… on radar.
*Everyone* just… shuttered us away...
Into a back closet of their thoughts.
A minor desperation?
Did you see the gift shop?
You can buy a little submarine *foot rest* if you fancy that sort of thing.
Looking down on her... kingdom.
Clarissa!
Clarissa! Are you-- are you in there!
Clarissa’s… asleep, right now. Be still so as not to wake her.
Whatever you think you can do… you can’t.
We’re not going back, we *won’t*... go back.
Wait, stop!
Child. Wait your turn.
Did you get… lost? Or are you just extraordinarily forgetful.
We had a contract *burned* into this girl’s spinal column, Alex.
You shouldn’t be here for our… transition.
Leave for the boat before we get *distressed*.
I-- I changed my mind, there’s no more *arrangement*, okay? I want Clarissa *back* and *unharmed* right now.
My *friends* wouldn’t take the deal. So… now this is my problem.
Get better friends.
I know my friends, and… they wouldn’t have taken the deal.
I, um, I *can’t* leave, actually, even if I wanted to at this point. The door sealed behind us, I’m-- I’m here for Clarissa.
Then you are *lost* to childishness. It’s a *fantasy* you’re living in if you think this will go well for you.
Then you have truly drowned yourself.
Wait, *what* contract, what is she talking about?
Didn’t she tell you, Jonas? She *traded* Clarissa for the rest of your futures.
You did *what?!*
I’m *here* now, aren’t I?! I didn’t run to the boat, I came here to-- to get her back.
Alex--
I wanted to-- I *tried* to do what was *best*. For *everybody*, not *just* Clarissa who seemed already lost!
Jonas, they’re *lying*, c’mon, you know me, I-- I would *never* do something like that!
You are a fascinating creature, Alex, really.
Don’t be so harsh, boy.
Her desperation almost saved your life.
But not anymore.
Why would they do that, if-- if you were…
They didn’t *care*, child. It’s sometimes that clean.
How can I fix it, then! Just-- just tell me how to fix it, I’m here, I’m in the-- the *past* for God’s sakes, can’t I *change* this somehow?
No. You can’t change… before. You can’t change anything.
And they didn’t know it was you!
*Nobody*-- barely *anybody* knew, it wasn’t *just* Maggie’s fault or *their* fault, it… it was a catastrophic event.
“A catastrophic event.” You make it sound…
You think it was fated?
Yeah. I, uh, I kinda do… or at least, a, uh, a sort of natural fate. An inevitability.
I mean, that’s how stuff works, you said it yourself-- uh, *yourselves*-- that everything will happen again and again in the exact same way.
So it was gonna happen no matter what… right?
I don’t believe in fate. Things happen… and the people they happen to.
We can feel us… *binding*. You have maybe just a few *moments* left.
We feel terrible, we do, but-- but-- you have to know *why*-- that everyone *chose* to forget about us.
They built a *monument* for you, how could you say that everyone forgot!
Oh, the *monument*, the memorial, the… *hunk* of metal. It’s a balm for their injured *pride*. That they let one of their own fall.
Wait, I have a minute left till *what*.
Until we are… complete. And you and your people will be where we are now. And we will be out, with the… *real* again.
Wait wait wait, think about-- think about what your relatives would think, what your *families* would think. Some of them are still alive!
They would think us *survivors*, if they’d think anything at all.
Maggie remembered! She wanted to help you, it was all she did was-- was try and figure out what had happened!
We’ve… watched her. In every timeline, watched her try and… understand.
Was it out of guilt, do you think?
Yes. Guilt. I know the feeling… wanting to make things… right.
All I know is… she *cared*. She did care. About you, and the accident. And yes... what she did.
I don’t know. I won’t… presume to know, but… I’d like to think that she just wanted to know you were okay.
Anything to close the book on us, we guess.
It won’t hurt… we don’t think… the change.
But we hope the trip was worth it. Seeing the… *depraved* tourist trap they’ve built upon our carcass.
C’mon, they’re trying their best. They just wanna, like, commemorate you the only dumb ways they know how.
Yes. Commemorate through commerce. How noble.
Hey, I hate this town more than anyone! In the summer, it’s crowded and loud and-- and crass, and yeah, it sucks, it really does!
We can assure you, you don’t hate this town more than *anyone*.
This whole little… *community* is *for* you! They built it up around Fort Milner and for the soldiers that died, it’s all about *that*.
It’s not *for* us! We’ve twisted our bodies *screeching* two *inches* for your faces for you to-- to see us!
And you never do!
Maggie *hated* that this-- this whole *thing* popped up after the fact, she hated it, she tried to stop it.
*Margaret* built a-- a *castle* on a hill. You think she… You think she even thought about us?
Are you kidding? She became like obsessed with you, obsessed with what she had done.
It was, like, her mission to-- to help you.
She obviously did. She thought about you a lot, she couldn’t even bring herself to leave, I mean… what more of a sign do you want.
Yeah, I mean… she felt guilty. And she just… she couldn’t get rid of it.
Of course not.
Over and over and over again.
Until they can’t hear us anymore… on radar.
*Everyone* just… shuttered us away...
Into a back closet of their thoughts.
A minor desperation?
Did you see the gift shop?
You can buy a little submarine *foot rest* if you fancy that sort of thing.
Looking down on her... kingdom.
It’s hard to remember… certain things. Our faces went a while ago. Then our names.
It’s hard to remember… certain things. Our faces went a while ago. Then our names.
Our anger... is, we’re afraid, all we have left.
It’s kind of the last stitch…
Keeping it together.
I think… you should leave it behind. Just… I dunno. I just don’t think you need it anymore… if you ever did.
If… that’s really all you have left… then… you can always take it with you.
That’s not all you have. You *know* that’s not all you have.
But maybe that’s not enough anymore.
Maggie had-- has-- will have-- this friend, and... you sort of remind us of her.
Strange girl… odd tempered…
Keep on to that quality. Hold it somewhere safe. As you make your… travels.
Here. Wait. Here it--
Here. Wait. Here it--
Wait. We…
Tell Michael to break up with Clarissa. It’s for the best.
Tell Michael to stay with Clarissa. They like each other a lot.
Don’t tell Michael what to do about Clarissa, okay?
When the time comes, let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Don’t let Jonas talk to his Mom, it’s not good for him.
When Jonas gets on your, uh, case… just do you what you feel is best, alright?
Tell Michael he should go to school here.
Tell Michael he should go out on his own.
Just… don’t try and influence Michael. He can live his own life.
Alex. What’s happening.
I, uh, didn’t realize just how much woods there were.
This is like... this is like a genuine forest.
With like trees.
Wanna turn around?
No, no, I’m just saying, this is like-- it’s pretty sprawling, that’s all.
I’ve always liked that word. “Sprawling.”
This is, like, only the front door. Just wait.
Yeah, I thought it was just gonna be… a park or something.
Yeah, it’s like, what… twenty square miles or something? It’s like half the island.
There is a park, but it’s part of the woods.
Whatsamatter? Not the outdoorsy type?
If it’s in a city with concrete and a little open-all-night pancake place, then yeah, I’m outdoorsy in that I’m outdoors.
But I just wanna make sure, you know… that… we know where we’re goin’.
We do know where we’re going, right?
But I was just… I just wanna make sure that we know where we’re going?
Um. Vaguely.
Not, uh, not exactly, no.
Not exactly?
You said that you don’t know exactly where we’re going, though, right?
Well not at all.
I got the map right here, it’s fine.
Great.
Yeah, of course.
It's just over the river and through the wood. Like the song.
Yeah, but in the song, the horse knew the way to carry the sleigh.
Through the white and whatever snow.
I think.
Yeah, and what's your point? That you’d be better off having a horse? When it got tired you could eat it.
Alright, settle down, I just wanna make sure you know where it is.
I do.
That's all I wanna hear.
Well I... mostly do.
Just tell me if we get lost.
We'll be fine. Trust me.
Yes, and in this particular scenario, I am the noble steed who will lead us merrily to grandmother's house.
Grandmother being...
Being Ren, right.
It’s an expression.
Don't, uh, read into that.
Perfect, sounds great.
You know, this whole place really creepily reminds me of a park, or woods I guess near where I used to live.
It really kinda felt just like this.
It's weird.
Well I’m not really surprised. Parks are pretty much… parks. Unless you’re like in Utah or something.
Yeah no I know but… it just had this layout, you know? I dunno.
Oh yeah? What was that one called?
Uh, Peabody. Peabody Park. People’d fly kites there all the time... that’s the main thing I remember about it.
My Dad was really happy to move here, you know? He said the schools were… safer. Less knifings per capita.
Peabody? I think? I’m trying to remember the sign, but, like, half the letters had fallen off so it spelled Pea Pork.
I guess he never considered the danger of… whatever’s happening right now.
But, you know…
Everything’s got something.
No offense, but your town sounds like the worst place on Earth.
Well… it’s not like your town, I’ll put it that way.
Yeah, we once had a mall Santa who was kidnapping kids… I think that’s been so far the scariest thing that’s happened.
Well… I mean, to be fair, that does sound pretty scary.
But I just wanna make sure, you know… that… [gets cut off by glitch]
Didn’t we-- didn’t we skip something? Like… a lot of something?
I don’t, uh, think so… but I’ve been told I’d lose my name if I wasn’t born with it, so… [quickly] I can miss stuff is what I’m trying to say here.
Wait. What just-- things are happening, I think, that aren’t good. Or maybe.. not?
Um, I don’t… really… know?
This thing’s so weird looking. Apparently it's four hundred years old? There's a cafe in town named after it...
“And next on the tour of Edwards Island…”
“An old bush.“
Yeah, you’re right, who cares. *History*... am I right?
I’m not making fun. It’s just… it’s a tree.
Well *I* think this stuff is interesting. It’s four centuries old, you’re not impressed by that?
It’s a tree, so… not really, no.
W-- wait, Jesus, *what* are you doing jumping across that?\r\n
There’s another-- there’s like another way down here.
I can’t believe you even made it.
Relax, it’s not as big a jump as it looks.
You, uh, barely made it, but… okay, I guess. Man.
I’ve been here before, remember? We used to skip across here as kids, it’s fine.
You were a buncha psychos to ever try that, but good to know.
Look, Jonas, I do like a million jumping jacks a day, this is nothing.
Oh, I didn’t *realize*, sorry.
W-- wait, Jesus, *what* are you doing jumping across that?
There’s another-- there’s like another way down here.
I can’t believe you even made it.
Relax, it’s not as big a jump as it looks.
You, uh, barely made it, but… okay, I guess. Man.
I’ve been here before, remember? We used to skip across here as kids, it’s fine.
You were a buncha psychos to ever try that, but good to know.
Look, Jonas, I do like a million jumping jacks a day, this is nothing.
Oh, I didn’t *realize*, sorry.
I think this, like, stuff is getting pulled in from, like, *their* time or… something. This is so weird...
Yeah. It’s not exactly a good omen. I think we’re running out of runway, here...
Hey, Alex, that’s-- that’s the wrong way. That’s back to the fields and the Comm Tower.
We should keep on the path.
The station’s up at the top of the hill.
I hope this works.
[Sigh]
The station’s up at the top of the hill.
I hope this works.
God. We’re in another loop de lou. They always come at the most appropriate times, don’t they.
Yeah, they do. Thanks for the update.
Ugh, not this again. We’re in another time maze... thing.
Ugh, okay. We were due, it’s been, like, a minute since the last one.
[Sigh]
The station’s up at the top of the hill.
I hope this works.
Yep. I am also… hope that.
No, we-- we talked about this, you were…
It doesn’t matter, what is going on.
The station’s up at the top of the hill.
No, we-- we talked about this, you were…
It doesn’t matter, what is going on.
So things are gonna be a little… repeatey and… *off*.
What?
Take it down a tick.
We don’t know what’s going on yet.
*Alex!*
Well it’s the truth, Jonas!
And I’m not gonna stand here and fall for one of these “I’m dead, no I’m not,” shuffleboard *swap* again!
C’mon, let’s skip to the last chapter, I know what’s gonna happen.
What happened?
How?! I mean… yeah, we just saw you, how did this happen?
What happened?
Nona! What are you-- what are you doing here?
Nona, what are you talking about?
Why are you here, what’s going on?
Nona, what happened, what’s wrong with Ren?
Nona, whatever, just-- tell us, what’s wrong with Ren, what happened?
Okay... Nona, listen to me. We’re in a time loop right now, okay?
A “time loop?”
Nona? Are you--
Ren’s-- he’s-- he had an accident, he-- he *died*, I couldnt...
We just saw-- you-- and-- and him, we just-- we just saw you two.
Nona, c’mon, Clarissa was “dead,” too, but like *bunny-ears* dead, not *dead*-dead, because apparently killing yourself doesn’t actually do anything here.
Oh my God. Ren. I can’t-- I can’t believe this.
What?! It’s the truth, Jonas!
I’m sorry. I’m sorry, Nona. I didn’t mean anything.
Nona, what happened?
I thought this guy was your *best friend*.
And we don’t *really* know if this is like before.
No, we-- we talked about this, you were…
It doesn’t matter, what is going on.
What?
Take it down a tick.
We don’t know what’s going on yet.
Ren!
He-- he drowned.
He… took a fall.
I don’t know, he just… he just stopped.
She… she fell.
I mean, does it really matter what happened.
Either way, done is done.
And done… in this case, is particularly done.
Shut up. Okay? Just shut the Hell up, I don’t wanna hear any more of your ghost garbage, alright.
It isn’t garbage and we’re not ghosts, don’t be rude.
I *know* you’re not Jonas. So there’s no use in *pretending*.
Soon, it won’t *be* pretense. It will be absolute.
*Fix* Ren, whatever you wanna call it, I *know* you’re doing it, just *fix* it.
It’s not us doing it dear. We weren’t lying.
The “time loops,” as you’ve taken to calling them which we do find so adorable… are of your own making.
We are just along for the tour.
So don’t blame us for that.
Yeah, sure. Just like you *infesting* us like *lice* isn’t your fault, either.
*That* we have and *will* own up to. But the other stuff, Hell, why we’re even *able* to “infest” you… that, I’m afraid, is on you.
Whatever.
You don’t have much time left. Do you know how we know you don’t have much time left?
Mmm?
*Fix* Ren, whatever you wanna call it, I *know* you’re doing it, just *fix* it.
Okay.
Fine. Shoot. How do you know.
We know… because we can *be* Jonas… for this long… and his soul’s as quiet as an empty church.
Remember what we said about making amends. Be a kindness to your friends while you still hold the opportunity.
That’s one parcel of advice we would give you.
Take it or leave it, of course.
This conversation has about gone to term, don’t you think.
We agree. Not that we could really stay any longer even if we wanted… not yet, at least.
Get-- just get *out* of Jonas! Get out of him, he’s not an apartment!
We are, we are, we can’t… stay here any longer, anyway. Not yet, at least.
Believe me, revenant *jackasses*... this isn’t over.
Oh, we believe you that it’s not over. Just… for different reasons.
Be you soon.
*Fix* Ren, whatever you wanna call it, I *know* you’re doing it, just *fix* it.
We’re getting out of here, *all* of us, Ren, too.
I don’t *care*.
Alex, we know you’re in charge and we know your plan and we *also* know that your plan won’t work. It never does.
So we have a proposition for you.
A deal-- a *bargain*, really.
And you should take it.
A… a proposition? Like what?
Closing the tear in the-- in the cave *might* work, you don’t know that for sure!
We *do* know that for sure, we’ve *seen* others try, we’ve seen *you* try. So pay attention.
What on Earth would give you the idea that *I’m* “in charge,” it’s been like herding puppies the entire night making anyone do anything.
Please, *drop* the modesty. It’s lying for no reason.
It’s already over for Clarissa, she’s gone. We will pilot her through the rest of existence, and there’s nothing you can do to change that.
*But*... if you agree to let us take her, to let her *go*, quietly, and without fuss… we won’t slaughter the rest of your friends like young Reginald here.
We’ll leave the rest of you cattle alone.
We only really *need* the one, anyway.
I don’t get it… why do you even need my permission if-- if you *have* her already?
Don’t misunderstand… we don’t *need* anything from you except what we can willingly *take*.
We are merely offering you an arrangement that would leave both parties satisfied.
Alex, we know you’re in charge and we know your plan and we *also* know that your plan won’t work. It never does.
So we have a proposition for you.
A deal-- a *bargain*, really.
And you should take it.
Closing the tear in the-- in the cave *might* work, you don’t know that for sure!
We *do* know that for sure, we’ve *seen* others try, we’ve seen *you* try. So pay attention.
A… a proposition? Like what?
What on Earth would give you the idea that *I’m* “in charge,” it’s been like herding puppies the entire night making anyone do anything.
Please, *drop* the modesty. It’s lying for no reason.
It’s already over for Clarissa, she’s gone. We will pilot her through the rest of existence, and there’s nothing you can do to change that.
*But*... if you agree to let us take her, to let her *go*, quietly, and without fuss… we won’t slaughter the rest of your friends like young Reginald here.
We’ll leave the rest of you cattle alone.
We only really *need* the one, anyway.
No. No-- no way, I’m saving *everyone*, *everyone* is coming home with me, we’re *all* getting out of here.
Courage is not always the way, dear.
Take her, then.
You know, it’s not often that we meet someone your age that’s as... *mature* as you are, Alex.
I know what I’m doing, don’t... patronize me.
We know that you know.
As you were, Alex. We’ve enjoyed… engaging with you, tonight.
Just… just leave. Please.
Very well.
I don’t get it… why do you even need my permission if-- if you *have* her already?
Don’t misunderstand… we don’t *need* anything from you except what we can willingly *take*.
We are merely offering you an arrangement that would leave both parties satisfied.
You really understand things.
It’s been surprising.
Well, *somewhat* satisfied.
Your friends would be fine.
And your not-so-friend… is of none of your concern, anyway.
Forget it, no deal. *Everyone’s* coming home with me.
Well, you can’t say we never tried.
Just never say. We didn’t provide you. All. The rules.
Ahh, now, we’re *sure* you remember this part.
Why keep *doing* this, then, why keep-- why torture me, torture my friends, try and… try and take us over if you *know* it’s not going to work!
Alex… the rules are a little more complicated than you think, dear.
It feels good to break script here, we’ll admit.
You and us… we’ve played these parts for a long time, and... we will continue play them, forever, in a conscription by God.
But not all existences are made equal, child, and so we will continue to try and wear your forms like opening our own personal escape hatch...
“Break script?” What are you talking about?
It’s helpful to think of this as all a little play. And we are all just our parts.
If you really lean in, you forget you thought you ever had a choice in the matter.
C’mon, just *stop* already! You’re changing things right now, we-- I don’t remember this conversation, I remember this-- this moment, but--
You can push and pull… but you can’t leave the stream.
Every millionth time we say something new. It’s our only remaining hobby.
And-- and there’s *no way* to break the cycle, to-- to get out of the loop? We’re just doomed, that’s it?
*You* are. We are, too. The other ones… who’s to say.
Or it doesn’t.
Alright, that’s enough deviation for one round. Let’s get back to it, shall we?
You know the deal. You give us Clarissa.
Maybe not all the little details, but…
The death of a companion can’t be that simple to wash away.
And we will continue.
Forever.
Until it works...
And maybe we let you go free.
It’s up to you.
You couldn’t have known, I mean, you *obviously* couldn’t have known that *any* of this was gonna happen.
Just… nevermind.
We don’t know what *sticks*, *truly*, until we’re *outside* of the time loop.
Okay, I’m… sorry.
Okay, fine! I’m here, I’m… “present,” I don’t know what to do, I don’t-- I don’t know what to say.
Look, I know this is *hard*, but... we all need to suck in our guts right now and *focus*.
That’s-- that’s not a waste of anything. It’s not meaningless, even now, to wanna… be with somebody.
In the face of anything, even death, it’s… it’s not a small thing.
You two would’ve been good together… I think. If it matters.
I… I know he was your best friend, Alex, I-- I’m sorry, I don’t-- I don’t know what happened.
One minute he was there, and then… he was just...
Gone.
Nona, *how* could you not know, you guys were-- he wouldn’t leave your *side*, how could you miss this?
I don’t know! It was-- he was like *there*, he-- he *was* right there with me, and I turned around and it was as if he’d just… gone blank.
It’s okay, Nona, you-- you didn’t do anything wrong, I know it’s not your fault, of course it’s not your fault.
Nona, look, Ren... might not even be dead, this isn’t--
I don’t *care* about--
Just… nevermind, forget it, we don’t have to talk about this.
This is *Ren*, Alex! It’s *Ren*, it’s not-- like, can you just *pretend*, for me, that this is important?
I don’t know where he is.
Maybe the Woods, the-- the Call Station, waiting…?
Please?
I don’t care if you think this can get… *repaired* somehow.
Cause, I dunno, what if it can’t!
I had just…
I *know* it’s Ren, you don’t think I know it’s Ren, I’m standing right here!
I just-- I don’t know what to do, I don’t-- I don’t know what to say.
Just…
*No*, Nona.
No, *you* can “focus” on… whatever it is you gotta focus on, and… I’ll sit here and you can just… leave me out of it.
Fine, do what-- do whatever you’re gonna do, just leave me out of it.
I didn’t know him that well, but… I’d liked what I’d... gotten to know.
I’m sorry, it’s-- I shouldn’t, it’s *colossally stupid* of me to talk about him like that with you here.
Nona, really, Ren would be flattered to hear you say *anything* about him, so… if he can hear this at all, trust me, he’s over the moon right now.
Sure.
It’s not… stupid. It’s not *small* to like somebody, it doesn’t-- it doesn’t diminish anything.
Maybe.
Nona, c’mon, we can still crack this, I do not *believe*, I *won’t*, that he’s gone forever, I just won’t.
I wish… I had your faith… in things.
Ren confessed that… he’d asked your advice?
And that you’d said to just be himself?
And that you’d said to just be interested?
And that you’d said to be interesting? He didn’t need that.
And that you’d told him to… just go for it?
It’s a tiny thing… but I hope he knew that I liked him.
He knew, Nona. Don’t worry. He knew.
Like I said, it’s a… tiny thing. But thanks, Alex.
He hoped you did. I think that’s enough.
Maybe.
Like I said… it’s a tiny thing.
It doesn’t matter, really.
Yeah… like I said… it’s just a tiny thing.
I guess you should probably help Jonas out.
And I don’t know if he did.
This is… he was more important.
More important than a.… crush.
In a… burst.
The station’s up at the top of the-- Ugh. *God*, that was...
My mouth feels like I just... ate a… tree.
But yeah, I feel like a truck ran over me.
And then the driver saw I wasn’t dead yet and backed over my body.
You were possessed. And for the longest time, I think, that we’ve, uh, seen… so far.
Yeah, I know. I can… kinda remember that part.
Do you remember… Ren? Nona? Their whole… little situation?
Yeah. I mean... maybe it was just a *version* of things, you know?
Like, it didn’t happen…
In *this* time, or...
Yeah. No, maybe.
Probably. I mean, all the stupid loops have been, uh… they just seem divergent, I guess, I dunno.
I dunno. I could, like, *smell* the sea water on her. But… what do I know.
So… *that* was horrible.
I mean, it’s almost impressive at this point, the *depths* they keep reaching at to plumb new levels of anguish, they’re like… sadness spelunkers.
Ugh.
Okay.
Maybe not.
Alright, well, do your thing, radio girl, let’s… close this loop and keep going.
Listen, Jonas… I-- I did something just now that you need to know.
I, um, I traded Clarissa to the ghosts so they’d let the rest of us go.
No. You didn’t. *Alex*, how could--
We had a *plan*, we had the--
The ghosts… they tried to make, like, a “deal” with me. For Clarissa’s life.
I didn’t take it, of course, but… I dunno, I just thought you should know.
God, they’re-- that must mean they’re getting desperate or something. If they had any, like, power over the situation they wouldn’t try to work out a compromise.
Anyways…
I mean, *why* are we going to the Bomb Shelter *at all* if you think that that’s not even gonna work!
That’s-- just a minute ago we thought she *was* dead, and now...
I don’t trust that tuning into the portal or going into the portal or whatever is gonna fix *anything*, and this-- this just seemed like… like our only safe option.
It just-- it seemed like the right thing to do, considering… everything, but-- I mean, do you think I *wanted* this, of course I didn’t.
It was… *tough*.
I just don’t-- look, Jonas, Clarissa’s been like the *anti* me for the last three years and-- and-- and I *know* she’d betray *me* to *them* if she could.
So you do it to her because she’s sometimes *mean*? That’s not that should work, Alex.
Alright, well, do your mixing thing so we can… close the loop and keep going.
No I mean wait, you *traded* Clarissa to the ghosts?
Maybe I’m not understanding something here…
How can we even trust them?
No, but about Clarissa and the ghosts…
They’re gonna say whatever they want to *get* what they want.
So, I just…
We *can’t* trust them, we can’t, but-- but maybe if they just get what they want they won’t have a reason to-- to do anything to us!
What would *you* have done, then, huh? Doom us all?
We have *no idea* if any of this-- this bomb shelter stuff is gonna work, Jonas.
I wouldn’t have-- I just wouldn’t have done this. Okay?
Jonas, I did it for-- for all of us, for everyone *left*. You’ll notice that Clarissa isn’t even here anymore.
That doesn’t mean that she’s a lost cause, that’s...
I just hope you know… I’m not even gonna say, “What you’re doing,” cause… I just hope you know what you’ve given up here. Really.
Man.
Hello?
Anyone there?
What, are they-- oh, they’re, uh, they’re somehow-- I guess they’re somehow broadcasting or something from the, uh, the station’s speakers.
They’re both *alive*, that’s all I care about, *God*.
Yeah, no, that's a-- that’s a bonus, too.
How are they… like, *doing* that.
Uhhhh beats me. I mean, there has be like a switch on their end or something to control the, uh, the talk-box.
“Talk box?”
You know what I mean, the-- the thing with the stuff.
Uh huh.
Oh my God, it’s like listening to two mentally enfeebled babies taking over for the morning zoo crew.
Yeah, the old-timey speaker system isn’t exactly doing them any favors.
Bleep bloop bleep bloop.
Are you guys at the station?
Anybody. Jonas?
Jonas punch Alex if you can hear this.
Seriously, right in the throat.
Jonas, don’t listen.
We’re all set here for the, uh, the thing, the… machinery speak and hug or whatever we’re doing.
Yeah, let’s do it.
Time’s a wastin’.
Like, *actually* wasting, like I feel my body wasting away.
No, it’s-- it’s okay if you’re, like, dealing with stuff.
We had to deal with stuff.
What stuff?
The uh-- when I almost kinda slipped and fell off the bridge.
Oh my God, you guys, that--
No, it was--
It was *psychotic* to watch.
Like, “almost,” doesn’t quite describe the terror that held my heart watching her come close to--
It wasn’t--
You were *perilously* close to tumbling into the ocean from like five thousand feet up.
It wasn’t *that* high.
It was-- it was high, believe me.
No, it wasn’t.
Yeah it was.
*No* it-- just whatever, I’m fine.
She’s fine, it’s true.
Shut *up*.
Okay, just… whenever you’re ready, cause I’m sure you’re listening to this…
Yeah, just, hit the button-- the receiver thing and we can do this, uh, stuff.
Stuff. Exactly.
Ok, over.
Over and out.
Why do you have to have the last word, over’s good enough.
Over and out.
*Hello*, we’re here, we made it, hello.
Oh, hello, this is Edwards Island Emergency, how may I help you.
If you’re being sat on by a very large burglar, just mash the dial with your fist, please.
Otherwise stay on the line, and we’ll send a traffic custodian out to you directly.
It is *so* nice to hear you two finding the sunny side of all this.
We are!
Well, he is.
We both are, don’t let her fool you.
You’ll forgive me if I don’t play along, but… can we just get on with why we’re all here.
Sheesh, alright, we’ll skip the cuddling, get right to the heavy petting.
Oh thank God, I’d like to report a poltergeist.
They’ve come into my house, they’ve shaved all my cats, they look better in my mittens, I just need any and all advice you can give me.
Well, first--
Can everyone just shut up?
You can play Dress Up… Phone… Time when you get home.
We got work to do.
Alright, Mr. No Fun.
No Fun, what is that, Swedish?
Man, you guys are like a real comedy team here, it’s stunning, the wit on display.
Yeahhhh, I guess he’s right, actually.
Okay, alright, fine.
It is *so* nice to hear you two finding the sunny side of all this.
We are!
Well, he is.
We both are, don’t let her fool you.
Uh, hello?
We’re here, I think she’s just stunned by your cavalier attitude to your own and soon death if we don’t hurry up with this thing.
Alright, you gotta… uh, put in the *call* to us, I guess.
And we’ll “answer,” by flipping this thing, it’s as simple as that.
So… whenever you’re ready.
Hit the thing.
Alright, I guess… we’re gonna “call” you, and then you just hit the button when it’s on.
Yeah, and if it’s not a button, just, uh, flip something. I guess.
Emergency Signal. Verify Please.
Ahh, okay, now we hit the thing here.
Alex, are you gonna… “respond?”
Guys?
Oh no, are you, like, passed out from the stress or something?
Seriously, Alex, the joke’s run its course.
Geez, *finally*, thank you.
So, um, I kind of have a good news, bad news situation here. Um...
Good news is we… are, um, safe… now, from the ghostly, uh, effects, but… the bad news is I kinda sorta gave them Clarissa for the trouble.
Look, the ghosts told me they wanted to-- to make a sort of… *deal* for Clarissa.
What?
I said, “No,” of-- of course, but-- I dunno, I just thought you guys should know before… moving on.
Alright, well… let’s do the-- the thing and get into the shelter and try and… fix this. Fast.
Wait, what?
What?!
What?!
I don’t believe this!
How could you do that!?
Who gave you the-- the right?!
Oh c’mon, it was-- it was-- just the numbers *alone*, leave behind the fact that she was *miserable*--
*Shut* *up*.
I don’t care what you say, I don’t-- I don’t care what *deal* you made, the night’s-- it’s *not* over! We still have time.
Hit the damn button and open the stupid door-- you're gonna correct this when we get to the shelter.
*You* would’ve done the *exact* same thing if you were put in my place, it’s-- it’s a one versus the group thing, you can’t--
I was scared for you guys, I was-- I didn’t want everyone, us *all* to die, it seemed-- I dunno. It seemed right.
Alex, I cannot believe--
Alex, hit the-- the button.
Alex?
Emergency Signal. Verify Please.
And then we just hit this little button here…
Signal Verified. Shelter TF1 Open.
I guess it worked.
Nice.
Hey! We’re awesome!
Awesome enough, at least.
Great, okay, we’ll meet you there.
Right, see you at the Shelter.
Over and--
Yeah. It did.
We’ll see you--
She sounds pissed.
She’ll get over it. We’ll all get over it.
I don’t know about that.
Yeah, well… I’d probably be pissed too.
No, look, it *kinda* made sense.
Hey! Guys.
Uhhh, wait. Did I get the plan wrong?
Cause if I got it *right*...
Aren’t you supposed to be yellow brick roading it to Milner.
No, you didn’t get it wrong.
Yeah, I think we switched places…
Or you did.
But wait, I’m so confused… why are you here.
Oh, no worries. I once accidentally brought two left-footed sneakers to gym class and then Mr. Hilton made me wear them the whole day anyway, so… I know how you feel.
Okay, uh, great.
Are you guys alright?
I just-- I dunno, I got this like eerie someone’s-watching-from-the-shadows kinda feeling all of a sudden so I wanted to check in.
Oh yeah no the reason you have that is because there *are* things watching from the shadows, they’re called ghosts.
We’re doing okay. Go do your thing so we can fix this.
Will do. Let’s go.
Uh, actually… you know that thing where you get up to go to the living room and then you can’t remember what you wanted to do in the first place?
I’m kinda having that now.
Okay, well, it’s been fun catching up, kids, and we’ll go do our half of the “Fix the Ghost Problem” equation now.
Alright, see you after at the Bomb Shelter.
I think Alex just wanted to make sure you guys were still kicking.
We’re fine.
Well…
Well not *fine*, but *okay*. We’re like orange on the color wheel of emotional stability.
Sure.
What?
Alex got possessed for a minute there, and yes it was scary but it was just a hallucination triggered by ghosts rummaging around through her brain.
No big deal, I mean they’re clearly fine.
Yeah, we’re still above ground, it’s okay.
Look, Jonas, it was *real*, alright? As real as the other loops or any of the other hundred crazy things that have happened tonight.
So, I dunno, just be careful, you two, okay?
Uh, we will.
Yeah, scout’s honor.
Okay… I guess they’re fine. For them.
What does--
Okay, well, it’s been fun catching up, kids, and we’ll go do our half of the “Fix the Ghost Problem” equation now.
Alright, see you after at the Bomb Shelter.
Okay, well, it’s been fun catching up, kids, and we’ll go do our half of the “Fix the Ghost Problem” equation now.
Alright, see you after at the Bomb Shelter.
Okay, satisfied?
Can we go now?
Okay. But…. just, like, be careful, you two. Okay?
Careful, definitely. Will do.
Check, double check.
Guess that means yes.
You’re supposed to be yellow brick roading it to the Woods station right about now.
But seriously let’s split up, you have do your part in the Woods. We’ll meet up after.
I saw… I saw Ren drowning in a-- the only way to describe it is it was like a *vision* or something.
What? Seriously?
Okay, good. So… now let’s just get to the Woods and do our part.
Ren, are you… doing okay? Like, you haven’t… almost… drowned or anything in the last hour, or…?
Nope. Fit as a fiddle. Well, like a fiddle you’d find in someone’s damp shed or something, you know, kinda warped, like--
No, I’m not *satisfied*, you’re-- you two are in some sort of danger, but *especially* Ren is, and I just want to know you’re gonna be alright.
Nah, I’m gonna be fine. The place is like right there and when you do your half, we’ll be that much closer to being done with this whole thing.
Oh, yeah, *you’re* doing the Bomb Shelter part, okay, my mistake.
We’re just taking this way, that’s all.
What, the scenic route?
*Everything’s the scenic route, there’s no quicker way.
Uh, okay, well… we’ll be here. Good luck.
Well wait...
But wait, can we go back to the, “You saw Ren drowning,” part of the evening.
It’s not something you should be worried about, honestly.
Yeah, okay, but it *sounds* like it’s sorta the exact opposite, though.
Just be careful, alright? I don’t know why I saw what I saw but just… keep on your toes, okay?
Well I am now, yeah!
Alright, we’ll, uh, see you after.
I just hope so...
Don’t say that!
But Alex, really, what-- what is going on? What should I-- should I like climb a tree or something, like…
Don’t say that! What am I supposed to do with this, it’s not like I can really avoid *drowning* any more than I can normally do on a daily basis.
You’re on *land*, Ren, I don’t think anything’s gonna happen.
But then why would she-- why would she have this vision then?
What’s the plan here?
Maybe this wasn’t a good idea telling you… I mean, I don’t wanna just send you off in a paranoid tailspin or something.
Well it’s too late for that.
Uh, maybe it wasn’t real, you know? Maybe it was a-- a panic induced day… night dream.
That is not a thing!
Just-- don’t go swimming, alright? Easy fix. Don’t go near the water. Stay here.
Okay, yeah. I, uh, I will, sure.
Alex?
*Right*. Radio locked. I keep forgetting this thing is… that. Okay, I just have to tune it.
Hey, no, the-- it’s the Catbird Station, the little cabin right there?
That’s where we need to go, not anywhere else.
Uh huh, I know, don’t worry.
Uh, alright.
Yeah, I just wanna poke my nose in some things.
Hey, wait wait wait, we haven’t-- we need to call Ren and Nona so they can do the “Response” thing.
You can press a button, Jonas, I trust you.
I did all the heavy lifting in, like, getting us here and… dealing with you under ghost influence.
I don’t know *how* to-- I’m not good at this stuff, just… please, c’mere.
Oh yeah… I forgot.
This is to open the bomb shelter, remember?
No, Alex, really, we have to do this-- *you* have to do this, we can’t leave yet.
Uh, why is there a cable car here?
Couldn’t they have just made, like… just a normal bridge?
With wood... and slats.
That isn't hung by what looks to be twine.
It’s not a cable car, it’s a bridge ferry.
Bridge ferry.
But anyways, yeah, why do you think there’s a cable bridge here?
Yeahhh, it’s like an army thing, or... I know there’s *rules* about what you can build on protected land, so… maybe this is all it’s *zoned* for or something…
Yeah, it’s kinda neat, right? It’s like going on a gondola ride.
I don’t know if I’d say it’s *neat*.
Yeah, it doesn’t really… look… *safe*, does it?
It looks less than welcoming.
Or at least it doesn't look very inviting.
Or even on.
But, uh, yeah the bridge doesn’t look particularly secure...
I dunno, I think we have to.
Oh c’mon, it’s the *woods*. There has to be, like-- I dunno, other *dirt* we can walk on to get to Ren.
It’s a *chasm*, Jonas, what do you want me to say?
Uh, sure, maybe.
Maybe there’s another way?
There has to be. I mean, it’s the woods. There’s no *way* to begin with, we make our own.
Well, yeah, Jonas, except for when there’s a *chasm*.
Look, it’s a little scary, but Ren needs us, so.
Yeah, yeah, I know, I know.
Alright, well… let’s just see if we gotta take the, uh, conveyor… thing…
That’s been rotting here since the invention of… ovens...
Uh..
Was that there before?
I don't... think... so....
Was it?
I don't think so.
I think the *door* opening and closing on it’s own is a little worse than a *chair*, Jonas...
What a night, huh.
What a night…
What does that mean?
What do you mean, what does it mean?
You said it first.
I’m just saying… this isn’t anybody’s fault, you know…
Yeah. Tonight’s… not exactly what I expected.
You said, “What a night,” I was just--
Yeah. Sorry about this…
No no, I’m not, uh, I’m not saying it like… it’s anyone’s fault…
It’s nobody’s fault…
Yep. What a night.
It just happened…
Stuff happens.
Except, you know... it is your fault.
Me!
“I think I see a pool in there!” God.
If you hadn’t jumped into that hole like a… friggin’ badger...
Alright, I concede, this is *partially* my fault.
Thank you.
If I hadn’t brought the radio and… hadn’t tuned into that… whatever…
Noooo, don’t say that.
Well actually you saying that saves me from saying it, so thank you.
Hey!
I kid, I kid.
Hey, if you hadn’t jumped into that hole like a… friggin’ *badger*...
Yeahhh, you’re right. Stuff happens.
It just sucks that the *stuff* that’s happening is, like, really terrifying and annoying.
We'll be alright.
Stuff happens.
Alright, let’s switch on the power so we can take that… sideways elevator thing.
Cool. More old stuff.
“Power Transfer Station one six seven.”
Hey, just what we needed.
And look, Jonas, another opportunity to show off your fine skills in the picking of locks!
Hardy har-har, Just try it first.
Okayyy, that’s… a little strange.
Why wouldn’t they lock it?
I mean, *somebody* should’ve locked it…?
Right?
Uh, maybe there’s no need? Like, there’s nothing here to steal… or something?
Alright, I’ll go with that, just cause… what else am I gonna do.
Maybe the… guy in charge of the “forest closet” forgot?
Maybe. Or he’s dead.
Jonas....
I'm just saying, maybe he's dead.
Yeah. MAYBE.
I dunno. Monsters?
Just monsters. That's your answer.
For now.
Or not. I guess.
I found the circuit breaker.
Wait. Like the first thing it says is, “Beware of Overload.”
“Do Not Attempt Restart Without Supervision.”
Uhhhh....
So I don't know...
We *have* to have power, Jonas, we can’t start the thing without it, and if we can’t start the thing, we can’t get to Ren. \r\n
Jonas, the bridge ferry looks pretty well and dead, so… I don’t know how we do this without power.
Terrific, you’ll be my supervisor. Supervisor Jonas.
I’ll be fine. Just say what I need to do.
Let-- just let me just do it.
That way, if something bad happens…
You know...
*Please*. I can *handle* pulling two switches.
I really just don’t like...
What? Someone with two x chromosomes doing it? Someone who shaves her legs?
That is *not* it, okay? But sure, if you wanna be the one to get cooked, go ahead.
Watch, alright? It’s easy.
Okay. It’s your barbeque.
*Fine*, okay? Take the reigns if you’re so nervous.
Thank you.
You know what, fine, it’s your barbeque.
That’s very sweet, really, but… I’m not the type of sister you need to throw your coat on the puddle for, okay?
Uh, okay. Thanks.
No problem. It’s just that… you know… *kind of* your way around here, you know Ren… if someone were to get electrocuted it should be me, right?
Very true!
I’m sure you’ll be fine.
Don’t… don’t gimme that look.
If you’re gonna pull it, might as well do it now.
It’s the switch right there.
Hey, we, uh… we need power, right?
Okay… whenever you’re ready.
Ummm…. what did you flip?
Cause… it kinda did the opposite of what we wanted...
I flipped the-- it’s the *only* one, Jonas, what other switch could I even flip?
Well… good point.
I don’t know… maybe it was labeled wrong?
Hey, don’t play the blame game here, I did what it said. There’s only one switch.
Okay, okay.
Alright, uh… well, here goes nothing.
Ummm… what’s… happening?
Why’d the lights go out?
I don’t know, Jonas, *you tell me*, you flipped the thing.
There’s only one thing to flip, Alex, it’s not like there’s an array of things here, I don’t know why it didn’t work.
Which flip did you hit?
The only one! There’s only one switch, it’s the one that says, “Power,” or whatever, I don’t know why it didn’t do what it should’ve!
I don’t know… is this even the right thing?
There’s only one “thing,” it’s the *only* thing. If this doesn’t work, there’s nothing else.
There’s only one switch so why didn’t it work?
The lamp’s flickering… do you think it’s like on backup power now or something?
But that light… is it… like, does that mean the power’s booting up or something?
Might be… but… eh, I don’t know.
It sounds like it’s emitting some… weird noise, too, right?
A little.
For some reason… it reminds me of the cave.
Let’s just try and get the power on, alright? Everything about this is making my skin crawl.
What is that...?
Ahhhh!
I am so tired of this funhouse bull crap.
At least the power’s back on.
Tada.
Is the little baby happy now?
Quite happy, yes.
Huh. Didn't think that would actually work.
Well, for whatever reason, thank the good Lord it did.
It’s… I can’t believe this, it’s locked now.
It’s okay, we’ll just… there’s gotta be a way to turn the power on, still.
Hey, uh, don’t worry. This will be just another in a series of escalating funny stories to tell our parents when we get home.
If we get home.
Ummm… any ideas?
The, uh, the light kinda reminds me of that triangle thing? I don’t know why… maybe it’s a transmission or something?
Other than that, I dunno. Hop up and down and cry about our bad luck.
Alex…
Are you… alright..?
[screams]
Alex!
[gleeful laughing]
*Not* funny. Not funny.
Opposite-- total opposite of funny, look up… whatever that is… *unfunny.*\r\n
It was worth it.
Sorry. I had to.
It’s, uh, just a chair, so…
Well it’s making me feel like bugs are on my skin, so c’mon, let’s go.
Okay… so it’s just a chair. Good to know.
Hallelujah.
Praise the Lord.
It’s not… unless I’m doing something wrong, it’s not working.\n
No power? I mean, I would think if it had power these lights would be on.
Yeah. We gotta figure out a way to start it up.
Hummin’ like a barracuda.
Barracudas don’t hum.
Well this one is.
Well this one is.
Says you, man.
I think this is the engine. It’s not even warm.
Yeah, no juice.
It says it’s the… I don’t know, “Catbird” Station?
And the Call Sign is weird... 60.8? The dial doesn’t go that far.
Huh.
We might have just broken it, ever think of that?
I *did* think of that, but it’s not like it’s our fault the *door* slammed shut, so… I dunno.
Being terrorized on an island by unseen forces really makes you miss television.
Well, maybe if we get the power working you can catch up on the soaps.
I can’t think of a way to delicately put this…
But...
It makes some kind of circus sense.
That’s-- that’s… God, I haven’t heard this in forever, this is something my Mom used to--
Um, what were you saying about your Mom? Like, the song was… something?
Oh, uh, just that song was something she used to, uh-- she used to play when I was little, and uh... I just hadn’t heard it in a while, that’s all.
Oh, check out the smallest cemetery in the Pacific Northwest. Literally, it’s from the 1800’s.
Jesus, I thought that was a pet cemetery. I’m kinda relieved, this island’s depressing enough.
Oh wait, we should-- we should really get Ren, I mean we’re pretty far already.
It’s, uh, just a--
Okay… so it’s just a--[gets cut off]
Alex…
Are you…
What-- what is this?
You… children… will… never… learn.
Listen... carefully. There.. is.. no… way… out.
Just… stop… trying… Nothing changes… in this... world.
Oh, Alex… can you… ever… forgive us?
*Jesus*, Alex, are you okay?
Ugh… uh, Whoops.
Yeah. Whoops.
Ugh, *why*! Does *that* have to happen, too! It’s a flippin’ *chair*, can’t you give me the *that*!
I don’t-- I don’t really know if it’s the *chair’s* fault, but… yeah.
So. That wasn’t fun. Not exactly.
No. Not fun.
[sigh] Okay, carrying on…
That was…
You went blank for a second...
Jonas! Jonas, where-- where are you?
Jonas! Jonas, where-- where are you?
Okay, this is gonna be fine, just... work through it.
Again? Really? But… ugh, fine.
Tell Michael to break up with Clarissa. It’s for the best.
Tell Michael to stay with Clarissa. They like each other a lot.
Don’t tell Michael what to do about Clarissa, okay?
What’s-- what’s happening…
But… Michael’s… dead, how could I even…
What… are you, what’s…
Jonas! Jonas, where-- where are you?
Okay, this is gonna be fine, just... work through it.
Again? Really? But… ugh, fine.
Wait, what-- what’s happening?
How am I…? Is this… an optical illusion or something?
What-- what do you mean?
But… Michael’s… dead, how could I even…
What’s-- what’s happening…
So. Ghosts huh?
Ghosts.
Or, I mean “spirits.”
Or, sorry, “unexplained phenomena.”
This is… really… insane, Jonas. Like... the craziest thing that’s happening to anyone right now is happening to us.
True, but…
But?
Go on…?
I couldn’t think of anything to say.
So. Having fun yet?
I’m so glad our families are uniting, Alex. This will be a grand adventure for the two of us.
Unless we die.
Unless we die, yes.
Suuuuurre.
What do you think they want?
The, uh, the *ghosts*...
Do they have to *want* anything?
Just most of the time, don’t they, like-- isn’t that why they’re trapped here, or whatever… because they didn’t do something they needed to in life, or…
I don’t think our previous knowledge of movies and comic books applies here, really...
But fine.
I don’t know. This feels bigger than that. But maybe that’s just cause we’re living it.
I don’t know.
I think it’s usually, like, “justice.” Or something. *Vengeance.*
Yeah…
Cause, me...
I just hope they just want to, like, play soccer every once in a while… and that’s it.
D- don’t- don’t, okay, don’t move, okay? Don’t come anywhere near me.
Nona…
Just *don’t* *move*.
Look, we’re not moving, we’re not moving.
What is it, what’s wrong?
Nona, c’mon, it’s *us*. You can see it’s us, it’s me and Jonas.
Okay, just… calm down.
C’mon, Nona, we’ve been looking for everyone…
I’m not kidding. Stay where you are.
Alright, I’m-- I’m not going anywhere.
Yeah… I know the feeling…
Nona…
I ran into you… already… earlier tonight. Did you know that?
Uh, we--
But it *wasn’t* you and it was terrible, sooo…
We’re gonna take this a little slower…
This time.
Nona, we haven’t run into you all night, this is the first time.
M--m--maybe not you, but… it was *an* Alex and *a* Jonas.
*What* are you talking about? Back at the beach?
I’m talking about the Alex I saw at the Pier… after the cave looked like the… freakin’ Fourth of July and I lost track of everybody.
Nona, believe me, that *wasn’t* us.
I don’t know that yet.
We haven’t-- this is the first time we’ve seen you since the *beach*.
Be that as it may… I’ve seen *an* Alex…
Ohhhh, I get it. This whole crazy night’s just broken your brain.
Shut. Up.
She’s kidding, she’s kidding, we’re here to help you.
I don’t know why you’re here.
Just, so just-- just don’t mention my grandfather, okay, don’t talk about him or anything like that.
Fine, Nona. Sure.
*What* are you babbling about, Nona, *why* would I care about your grandfather?
Well the Alex *before* you sure had a lot to say on the subject!
It’s fine, Nona, just… it’s okay.
Uh. Sure.
And... just tell me... have you seen Clarissa?
Cause... I’ve been looking.
You're looking for Clarissa?
Yeah. Have you seen her?
Clarissa--
No, no, we haven’t, but, we, uh-- we’re actually-- we’re looking for *Ren* right now, so… have you-- have you... maybe seen him?
Not Ren.
Nope, haven’t seen her!
We’re here cause we think Ren is somewhere in the woods. Have you seen him?
We’re actually looking for *Ren*. We think he’s in the woods somewhere. Have you seen him?
Okay. Well.
Hey, listen, Nona… you should come with us. That way we’re not all, you know, separated.
I’m not going anywhere with you.
Alright, okay-- hey, I get it, I do, I'm jumpy right now, too, but...
Just let her go, Jonas, she’s a space monkey right now.\n
Wait, wait, just-- Nona, can you do me a favor?
Just hold up a second, Nona, okay?
Yeah, can you just do us a favor?
Can you just… can you go to the Comm Tower and wait for us?
We got the lights on there, and…
It seems pretty safe.
Nona, please, just go to the Comm Tower and wait, okay?
And we’ll all meet up later.
Nona, Clarissa’s at Ft. Milner, okay? She’s somehow gotten some... two-way to work.
Ft. Milner?
*But* I think it’d really be better if you just *waited* for us to find her ourselves.
Yeah?
Yeah, that’s actually… that’s a good idea, go to the Comm Tower and just sit tight till we get back.
No, Nona, you should *really* come with us, it’s better to stick together.
Better for who.
Nona, c’mon…
For you, who do you think I’m talking about!
For everyone, for all of us!
No.
[sigh]
Nona, Clarissa jumped out a friggin’ window at Ft. Milner, alright?
What?!
I-- she… wh-- why?
Is she alright?
It’s-- it’s not-- it’s more complicated than that.
She was, like, possessed or... something that at least looked *very* much like it.
But it’s not like-- she’s not *hurt*, we don’t think, or-- I mean, we don’t know *what’s* going on, Nona, but we know she was able to get up and walk away, so… there’s, uh, that, at least.
We don’t-- look, we don’t think she’s dead. She was able to walk away and… we, uh, lost her again.
Yeah, she’s… probably fine. Apart from the… neck… glass...
She’s completely lost her friggin’ mind, Nona, whatever’s going on is *not* settling right with her.
Something-- look, Nona, nobody knows what the Hell is going on but we-- I mean, she was able to walk away so, you know, there’s, uh... that at least.
So… she’s not dead. But you don’t know where she is.
Pretty much.
Nona, I-- maybe you’ll have better luck.
Nona, please. *Don’t* go after her. It will not end well.
And the comm tower is where...
It’s the cloud buster at the edge of town. Can’t miss it.
And you?... You’re really you?
Really?
Yeah, Nona, it’s me. Alex.
Yeah, Nona. Who else would I be?
That is the question...
No, Nona, I’m a zombie on the hunt for living brains, so…
*Yes*, it’s us, Nona.
Quit it, seriously.
Alright, bye.
That girl’s a peach.
And what is with you telling a clearly very *deeply* troubled person to go *explore* an abandoned military fort alone?
I don’t even like that *we’re* gonna have to do it!
But Nona?
Hey, she *wanted* to know! I’m not gonna lie to her about her *best friend*.
I just hope she goes to the tower, that’s all, for her sake. And for your conscience!
Oh, eat me, okay, how ‘bout that for your conscience.
That is… that doesn’t even make sense and I’m shocked and appalled.
She made it this far *alone*. And if she gets to Clarissa while we’re getting Ren, all the better for it, right?
Oh gimme a break.
Oh my God, do you, like, *like* her or something?
What! No!
You… want to marry her… and have all of the babies.
Shut up.
You do, I knew it, my God, Ren is gonna flip.
I just hope she listens to me and goes to the tower. For her sake.
And I could have done without the whole, “Your best friend just jumped out of a window” part of the conversation.
It’s not like she really needed to know that little tidbit.
It’s the *truth*, Jonas! If my best friend was running around speaking in tongues and hanging herself I’d wanna know, too!
*Don't* come near me.
C'mon, Alex, just back away.
This is *stupid*!
Nona, it's *me*, Alex. Remember!
Back off, I am *not* playing.
Forget you.
Nona!
Why why *why* didn't you just *do* what she said?
I didn't-- I didn't think she'd run away, Christ!
I did! Anyone with two eyes would have, she looked a hair pin away from completely losing it!
She's *nuts*, Jonas, what-- what could I have done?
How about not move! She just-- she was freaking out!
I-- Christ, I-- I just wanted to help her, alright!
Help?! That's how you help? “Stay there!“ “No!“
God forbid you should ever try and stop a suicide!
What if she hurts herself?
Hey, don't--that's on her, man. Don't put that on me if she flies off a gorge.
Look, I'm *sorry*, okay? I... I didn't think she was that bad.
She'll be alright. If she runs that fast from *us*, just think of how fast she'll run from *actual* danger.
Just... forget it. I'm sure we'll... catch up with her later, so... whatever.
Is that Nona?
I... think so. It sure looks like her.
I'm... not sure...
This night has turned… banana bread, really fast, and I’m seeing things and forgetting things and I’ve bumped into you once already...
Nona, we haven’t run into you all night, this is the first time.
M--m--maybe not you, but… it was *an* Alex and *a* Jonas.
And it was horrible, so...
So, just, look you’re not gonna talk about my grandfather… you’re just gonna stand there, politely, and tell me if you’ve seen Clarissa.
Just let her go, Jonas, she’s a space monkey right now.
Let’s stick to the task at hand.
What! No!
She was obviously like-- I mean, God, just… “Don’t move!”
It’s not that hard!
I mean...
This is, uh, new.
It's... it's kinda weird, I had the *exact* same kind when I was a kid.
Yeah, why would a toy company make *two*, right?
Oh, shut up.
Love the jokes. Keep it up, see what happens.
It kind of stinks.
Yeah, it smells like it's been sitting in a diaper for a month.
Wait, wasn't this--uh, we passed this a minute ago, right? And it wasn't burning?
I, uh, honestly don't remember.
Okay, look, I mean, we definitely saw this before. Right?
Why do I feel like I'm being mocked now?
Huh, this is... its's just like the armoire in the cave. Super duper old but in like new condition.
Huh, this looks... it's like, super old, but... man, it's almost spotless.
It’s one of those, uh, magnetophones, I think they’re called? Or some other reel to reel thing from the 40’s.
Why would it be here?
Who knows, I mean… it might be part of us, uh, being “stuck.” Maybe it’s, like, “stuck,” too, or something.
The army used them for messages and secret codes and stuff. But I don’t know why it’s out here.
Uh, ghost… reasons?
Spirit reasons.
Yes, more “unexplained phenomena.“
Some people camp here, but… it’s weird, I don’t know why they’d just leave their tent.
Looks kinda… dumpy, like… I dunno, like it’s been abandoned.
Oh c’mon, this isn’t working again?
It’s alright, we don’t wanna go back anyway.
Well, *eventually* we will.
*Ren* obviously found another way there. When we hook up with him, we’ll just take that way back.
Yeah, I guess so.
Oh, I remember this.
The two Jacks carved their-- er, Jack Mitchell and Jack Ladd, they used to hang out together all the time and they, uh, carved their name into this, uh, bench on a school trip… once...
You don't care do you.
No, no please keep going.
Forget it.
Okay! On another school trip they--
Stop.
[laughs]
It’s like the machine in the cave, Ren would know what it is, a-- that two way receiver intercom thing. Maybe... we try the... talk... to ourselves... thing? Or if somebody’s listening on a ham radio or something, I might be able to reach them...
Uh, yeah, thank God for weirdo basement hobbyists.
Let’s try it out.
Hey, if you’re out there, uh, Alex... we got stranded on Edwards Island… and--
Do not. Hurt yourself. With the strain. Of trying.
There is. No. Way. Out.
Hello, hello, anybody out there? Uh, Alex? We missed the last ferry off the island so--
Hey, people who are hopefully listening to this, that… maybe includes another version of me... I need a connection to emergency services because we--
No? Don’t wanna?
Well will ya look at that. It didn’t collapse.
That’s one good thing that happened tonight.
So you’re saying you were expecting it to.
I half was. But it didn’t. So.
Yep. Yay.
Don’t fret so much. You’re with Alex right now, alright? Queen of… uh…
I’m not helping you.
Well fine, I don’t need your help, I’m the Queen.
You can say that again…
Oh my God, first you blame me for everything, then you say I’m not even helping!
[laughs]
You used to come here alot as a kid, right?
To the island, I mean.
I mean, that’s what Ren made it sound like.
But anyways, you, uh, you used to come here as a kid?
Right?
Yeah. With my brother.
Yeah. I don’t know about *alot*, but… a few times.
Yeah, but I mean… who cares now. It’s not like I’ll ever come back here again.
Well you say that *now*...
I mean, it must have been nice having this right here, just a little… two hour boat ride away, right?
With Michael? Yeah? Like with your Mom and Dad, or…
Sometimes Mom and Dad, but… mostly just him and me.
That’s cool. Like he’s-- like he’d be babysitting you and he’d bring you out here…?
Isn’t this kinda a weird time to be reminiscing right now?
It’s not-- I’m not *reminiscing*, I’m just curious.
So when Michael would babysit you he’d bring you out here?
That’s nice of him.
Coulda just stayed home, you know...
So, like, Michael would be babysitting you? Or…?
It wasn’t like that, we were, like, best friends. It’s not like he was being *forced* to do it, he *wanted* to do it, we liked hanging out together…
Oh, I didn’t mean-- yeah, yeah, of course.
It wasn’t like-- he wasn’t being *forced* to watch me, we were *family*.
There’s like a loyalty there, he’s not-- he wasn’t being paid five bucks an hour...
I mean, I guess, sorta. An *impartial observer* might look at it and say, “He’s babysitting her,” but… it didn’t feel that way to me.
It just felt like we were… hanging out.
Yeah, I can see this place being cool like in the Summer? Or even the Spring?
You got the park...
You got the Main Street shops…
But seriously, it’s… nice having a little getaway like this so close to you.
Yeah, well… I’m over it. Starting now.
Yeah, well, after tonight? Douse it in gasoline and light a match, I am *never* coming back here again.
Yeah… it’s pretty nice. It can *be* pretty nice when the… the *conditions* are right, you know?
It’s *quaint*, it’s like being back in the fifties. The *good* parts of the fifties, not the racist part.
You, uh… didn’t you already say that?
Did I?
Uhhh… do you ever get deja vu? I feel like… like didn’t we just walk through here?
Huh, that’s funny. I don’t think we have.
Uhhh…. yeah.
I only mentioned it because my family trips were awful.
My Mom would always insist on going to Missouri… every single year. Ugh.
I mean, it was all we could afford, but still.
That’s a long drive for pretty much nothing.
But yeah, my Mom would always take us to Missouri.
Just awful.
Why was it so bad?
There was just nothing to do…. and my parents wanted to give me a good time and they couldn’t… and I could tell.
I dunno.
I guarantee it was better than this, so.
Oh c’mon, don’t even try it.
Try *what*? Look around.
Try what? There is *nothing* to like here.
Oh, *fascinating*, Jonas. When we get back, I wanna see the *slides*.
Oh shut up, I'm just tryin' to conversate here.
Well try harder.
Man, you are impossible.
I know, I know.
I look back on it now, and… those dumb trips are kind of like-- they’re just containers, for, I dunno, for the memories I have with her.
Nowadays I think *what* stuff happens matters more than… *where* stuff happens...
But I dunno.
I change my mind a lot on that…
So yeah, anyways, I think places are pretty much what you make of it, you know?
And not the other way around.
Yeah. Maybe. After tonight I might disagree, though.
I wouldn’t blame you.
Yeah, I think I agree.
It’s just a theory, anyway.
No way. I mean, take this, for instance.
If we never came here, if we’d just sat on the couch, or gone to the movies like they *think* we did… whole different ballgame.
Maybe… I guess we’ll never know.
Okay, *yeah*, tonight’s like being trapped in a nightmare zoo, but, I dunno… you have memories here, right?
Jumpin’ off the divin’ board with little Janie, and…
Eatin’ ice cream with little Franklin’...
Stringin’ Christmas lights with little’ Snoopy…
Whose life are you talking about right now?
What?
I never did *any* of that!
All I’m saying is… before tonight, this was a pretty cool place.
And you did stuff here, and… it’s a part of you, you know, it’s a part of you, and… I just wouldn’t want our *first* night out to, you know… wreck all of that…
For like forever...
I just wouldn’t want that.
I think it’d like genuinely depress me.
So, anyways, I’m just saying… this place had its good moments, so… don’t let tonight wreck that for you...
Well, it is wrecked, Jonas.
Sorry, *island*, but you can’t repeatedly scare the crap out of someone and expect them to continue thinking *fondly* of you.
Well now I just feel bad for the island.
Fine, I won’t hold it against the *island* or whatever. I won’t hold it against you or the island… I’ll keep my memories.
Happy?
Actually… I am, thank you.
Jonas, you are completely insane, my God. You know that? *Nuts*, kid, you’re nuts.
Alright, alright. But I’m right.
So. I just hope that doesn’t happen, that’s all.
Cause... I don’t remember any of this.
I don’t… really remember that, but…
Cause I just got the *biggest* one I’ve had in a while.
It’s like practically a stomach ache.
We’re going in circles or something.
Something is… something’s wrong, we’ve already done this, like, twice.
Done what?
Jonas, don’t you hear yourself? You’ve already asked me this twice.
I have?
We have *definitely* been here before. This is… weird.
What’s weird?
I mean, it must have been nice having… actually, man, do you ever get Deja vu?
Uh, but is there anything else, uh, weird going on?
Jonas, seriously, you don’t remember? You keep asking me if I “came here as a kid a lot,” again and again.
Uh, *okay*, I mean, if you say so, but… wait, I don’t even know what you’re saying. What are you saying?
Jonas, we’ve already done this! We keep walking past these same trees and this same spot and you keep saying the same crap over and over!
We’re… I think we’re going in circles. We’ve seen these same damn trees, like… I don’t know how many times now.
We just got off the tram thing, Alex, this is all new, so-- I mean, what are you saying?
I mean, I get how it could *feel* like we’ve been here or whatever… trees are trees, they all look alike.
What are you thinking?
Uh, but have I been repeating myself, like, really?
Yes, you have! Yes, “I came here as a kid a lot!” It’s like your *brain* keeps resetting every hundred steps!
I mean, sorry if I’m rambling here. Are you, uh… I mean, what are you thinking?
Yeah, of course! It’s cause we keep walking past these same trees and this same spot and you keep saying the same crap over and over!
I mean, sorry if I’m rambling here. Are you, uh… I mean, what are you thinking?
Are we lost?
Or… is it… something else, I mean…
But, are we, uh, lost or something?
Or… what’s going on?
We keep repeating this one moment for some… reason. God, can’t things stay *normal* for like two friggin’ seconds.
Whatever we did or opened in the cave must have like screwed up, uh, *something* or… I dunno.
I don’t wanna say, like, *time*, cause that sounds insane.
We’re, like, *stuck* in this area. Like *metaphysically* stuck. I don’t know what I’m saying, this is all so bizarre.
Well, just, uh, lemme know if… like… things start going sideways.
Things are sideways.
Thank you.
Well, it’s more than a little troubling that *I* can’t tell besides a, uh, headache I’ve only just noticed, but, *okay*, let’s deal with *this* now, sure.
You used to… wait… haven’t we done this before?
Aren’t we-- I feel like we’ve done all this before.
Yes, Jonas, we-- We’re working on it.
Okay...
Just-- just hush. I’m, uh, working on it.
Oh *now* you’re getting it! Only took three hundred go rounds on the never ending cycle of whatever we’re stuck in.
Well, *sorry*, I-- wait, really? I don’t… remember that, but okay.
[sigh]
Huh. Maybe it’s just me.
Wait… wait, we’ve… done this before…
Ugh, really! Again!
What?! We’re still stuck! But I kicked the stupid ball and everything! What more do you want!
Okay, uh, there’s *got* to be a way out, or…
You know, I didn’t realize I felt like a “pressure” in my head until… right… now.
Whatever you did helped something, I think.
Yeah, but… matching the sounds did… uh…. what, exactly?
I… uh, I don’t know. But it’s like my allergies cleared up or something.
Is the time… thing… uh, fixed now?
I… think?
Uh, feel any better? Maybe… remember all the times we trekked through here now?
No, not really. I remember the ball thing. But that… I guess that didn’t *just* happen, right?
I don’t know, I feel like I just woke up from a dream, everything’s so vague.
Let’s just keep going and get Ren.
Maybe you doing that, uh, “fixed” the loop...
Yeah, but making it sound right… did what?
Really? It is?
You used to come here as a… wait, what is-- it’s like-- God, that looks-- wait, *what* is this?
The foundation’s still up but they left all the furniture? And equipment?
Like, why hasn’t this been torn down or converted into something else?
The haunted magical indoor-outdoor *work shed* is like the least of our worries right now, Jonas, just ignore it.
Well, *yeah*, but… still.
Yeah. Super bizarro.
It’s because of the time loop thing, Jonas, it’s not, like, part of the *tour* or anything.
Oh. Okay.
Or am I missing something here. I’m missing something, aren’t I.
Take that. Ball.
I need to drink more milk or something, geez.
Uhh….
Who’s there?
What…?
Soooo… it's just...
That’s, uh, strange…
Good one.
Okay…
Huh.
Neat!
Alright…?
A ball that plays itself.
If I wasn't so freaked out, this might be fun.
Dog… Fetch… d-dog fetch… f-fetch…
Wait, it’s like… a game….?
Yeah. It’s kind of… I don’t know.. this is cool, right?
Sure...
Yeah, but with who?
Uh, beats me.
Fetch… fetch...
Uh, okay, I’d like to know where this is going!
I’d like to know where this is going!
Uh, this is starting to get old.
This is starting to get old!
Alright, who *are* you!
Alright, who are you!
Okay, *what* is going on, seriously?
Okay, what is going on, seriously?
Alex…
Maybe, don’t… antagonize… whoever.
I’m… this isn’t… like, fun anymore.
Okay...
Alright, let’s not, uh, make it weird now… radio people.
Uh, haha? Good one...
Oh, what’s that? Don’t wanna play anymore?
That’s not very nice....
Hey! C’mon.
I think *they* have a sense of humor.
Fetch-- fetch.
Whoa!
*Fetch*.
Ugh, Christ!
I… *think*... we’re dealing... with… ghosts.
Just a hunch…
Yeah, no crap.
Oh yeah? What tipped you off? The messages, the ball? Or maybe it was the *ghost*--
The ghost that just burned itself into the rock? Yeah, that.
Maybe…
What else *could* it be?
I mean, really?
At least *none* of this normal.
We can agree on that!
I *would* say ghosts, okay, I would, but… what about the weird repeating stuff? You not remembering what we’ve been doing?
*That*… that… yeah, I don’t know about that.
Okay… it’s ghosts. As stupid as that sounds.
Well call them something else.
Proto… dead… uh, protooo…
I meant like, “spirits,” or something…
Uh, unexplained phenomena.
Yes, “unexplained.”
Ghosts are fine.
Just.. for me, it’s ghosts, until I see evidence otherwise…
Uhhhh… you know… like… a….
Fine. It’s ghosts.
It’s alright, we must have just missed, uh… something.
Are you… can you kinda remember more now?
It’s… it’s starting to stick, yeah. It’s still sorta foggy, but… whatever, I’ll deal with it.
There better be.
Whoa. The ball, uh, moved... that was weird.
Oh, uh, yeah, maybe it's just a hill or... something?
It’s the wind. The gustless, almost imperceptible wind.
Par for the course, really!
I, uh… it was weird, you were *gone* for a minute, I did this-- I did the repeat thing again and my reflection, um… talked to me.
Talked to you? What… uh, what did it say?
Or was it, like, anything you could even…
Like what was it doing?
It said that… I should tell Michael to break up with Clarissa…
It said that… I should… tell Michael to stay with Clarissa...
It said that I… shouldn’t tell Michael what to do about Clarissa...
Which is, of course, totally useless advice for a doppelganger since Michael’s still totally dead.
You know, at some point this is all gonna make sense. I just hope it happens before we leave.
It doesn’t matter, forget I even mentioned it.
For, uh, posterity.
I’m taking a picture of the ball moving, not your kicking, just so you know.
Oh my God...
Alex, can you believe this?
My doctor’s not gonna be happy with my blood pressure this year…
Yeah, mine neither.
This is crazy!
Alex...
But really, Alex, what else could be happening except ghosts.
Right?
Yeah… I haven’t started writing it yet.
Mrs. Henderson told me not to overthink it.
Cause, really, it’s not Saint Crispen’s Day or the Sermon on the friggin’ Mount, you know, but.. but I dunno, a graduation speech should have a theme, right?
Graduation speech? Is that what we’re talking about?
Oh man, you haven’t been listening at all. It’s okay, this is really boring.
I have to write the graduation speech, and… I don’t know what it’s gonna be.
I… don’t know. I don’t think it has to have a “point.”
Well that’s where we differ, sister, I think things should have *points*. Things should be sharp, they should poke you.
Uh, sure, yeah. Give it a theme.
It should have a *point*.
It should bring you to your feet about something.
Like… the teachers’ ones are always, like, “Here are some truths about your horrible future.”
And the students’ are expected to just be like testimonials...
Hey, thanks for hanging out with me today, I’m sure you have, uh, like stuff to study for.
I just had to clear my head.
Alright, something’s, like, off with you right now. What’s going on.
Sure, no, of course, I mean… what else am I gonna do.
Oh save it, will you. Hanging out with you isn’t a *chore*.
Well-- well, actually it was that one time you turned me into, what was it--
Oh, right, the Human Mop. But c’mon, you were like ten, you were the perfect size.
I’m guessing… Mom probably told you about my scholarship to State, right?
I don’t really know how I feel about it.
What! That’s great! Congratulations, I mean, that’s-- that’s awesome.
Uh, thank you, thanks.
Well… what are you thinking? Engineering? You said something about... sports medicine one time…
Yeah, I don’t know about that anymore.
What is it? Don’t wanna go? Like, are you thinking of another school, or…?
Nah, it’d be that school if it was gonna be a school.
I mean, I feel-- it’s not like it’s a*bad* thing, it's a good thing, obviously.
It’s just, you know, it seems like half the teachers are alumni, and…
Actually, I’m about to be really arrogant, and presumptuous, and say mean things for no real reason other than I think I know better, so… forget it.
Michael! Say it, c’mon, you can’t take me to the water’s edge of an idea here and then not jump in, that’s just cruel!
No, no, really, I’m talking outta my ass, it’s fine.
I’m listening, c’mon, I’m not gonna judge.
No no no no keep going, it’s fine, I hate people, too! You can rag on the town!
What, you think the teachers are wasting their lives? Well, they *are* wasting their lives!
Alright, okay, thank you, but… really, nevermind, it had nothing to do with anything.
I’ve bored you enough.
I’m boring *me* right now.
Any school.
I’m thinking of just forfeiting the money and not doing it.
It’s why I ask my little *sister* for advice all the time.
And why I can still look at myself in the mirror.
Go to school here…
Or take a chance and leave.
Yeah?
And match every beer with a water.
And take classes outside of school.
Classes you don’t need.
And I love you and you're amazing, and that's it, so.
Okay, so… let’s say you have two choices. One is… safer...
You know what, I’m not even gonna shroud it in whatever, look, I’m thinking of not going to school. At all.
Uh, okay, but… do what instead?
Just move somewhere, out of state… get a job, learn on the job, learn… “unfettered,” I guess.
I don’t-- I don’t know, Michael. A free ride is a free ride, and… you’ll have lots of time to change your mind.
I’m scared… that if I let myself go… that’ll be it. I’m never leaving.
Why? Don’t you wanna-- I mean, it’s not like it’d be *hard* for you, and... you can wait to declare what you wanna do.
I know I can, but....
And I dunno, it’s just… a feeling I have, but…
Listen, of the thousand and one things I love about you, Alex… the fact that you don’t care what people think will always hover around the top five.
I care! I care what people think! Do people think I don’t care what they think!?
Relax! I’m saying it’s a good thing, you’re-- you go your own way, you have your own whatever, it’s *nice*.
Thanks! I like to consider myself a one-woman roadshow of baseless yet staunch opinions.
Yes, exactly.
Huh, I feel strangely insulted by this… like it’s what you would tell a crazy person who has no taste.
You can be both things, trust me.
But… anyways, all of that is why I need you to tell me… really… What do you think I should do.
Michael. Stay here. Please. I-- I don’t want you to go.
Michael. I think you should leave. Just… go, and… see what happens.
Michael, I… I really can’t tell you this time. This has to be up to you.
I’m guessing you… want me to stay… but just don’t wanna say it.
Yeah, if you want?
Alex, just… get good friends, okay? And... when you’re with those friends just say yes to everything.
And… keep away from boys when you talk to them it feels like they’re performing...
But also stay away from girls who look you in the eye for too long.
Michael, what is… what’s this for, what are you doing?
This is just… this a just in case package, okay.
Oh, c’mon, Michael, we already have a *Dad*, you should know, we all live in the same house.
Um, okay. I’ll make a, uh, a checklist.
Just in case I’m not around.
And I love you, and you’re amazing, and that’s it, so…
I know I’m amazing.
I love you, too.
Uh, thanks, I think.
Listen, here’s the-- you *can’t* tell Mom or Dad, but Clarissa and I are talking about just leaving.
What?! Mike, you’re kidding me, right?
I mean I know you said you were gonna “commit,” or whatever, but isn’t running off like you’re in Badlands taking it a bit far?
Oh, c’mon, it’s not *that* crazy.
Wow, that’s-- that’s exciting. This is like a huge deal, like… the Boxcar Children version of getting married or something.
Uh, it’s- yeah, it’s kinda a big deal, I guess. It’ll be a lot harder to break up at least, so… there’s some level of, uh, *vow* there.
Michael, seriously, you’d leave me here… *all* alone… with these boring, bland people who don’t come up with stuff like grocery cart chariot race?
*You* came up with that one, so… you’re not really losing out. And I’d still visit all the time, so… you know.
She’s been really pushing for it, wanting to look for places, and I… I’m into the idea, I really am.
I just-- I wouldn’t feel right about it if I didn’t have your, like, blessing first.
Getting an apartment somewhere and-- and just doing our own thing, you know?
Getting jobs, and… getting away.
So... Can you just wave your hand over my head or something and say I’m alright to do this?
I… God, it’s hard for me to say since I love you of course, but… you should do it. Totally.
Even if it explodes in a nuclear war style break-up, you’ll regret never trying.
Thanks. That… means a lot.
Michael, you… you have a lot that you can do and a lot ahead of you and I don’t think tying yourself to your high school girlfriend in a such a risky way is the smart play here.
It’s not supposed to be-- it’s not supposed to the *safe* play, that’s like the whole… thing of it.
But… I know what you’re saying.
Michael, honestly… I don’t think it matters. Or… it doesn’t matter what I think… at least.
It matters to me.
Alright, I get it, it’s a hard thing to sign off on.
I’ve been, like… struggling with this stupid speech, the Graduation Day thing.
I don’t want it to be just the usual blah blah we’ve come so far type stuff. It should have like a point, right?
Oh, hey, I didn’t even know you were home.
You’re always so quiet.
It’s like living with a little fairy tale mouse.
Wait, I’m… this is our house?
I’m not-- I can’t play Amnesia Spy Girl right now, seriously, pretend to snap Ren’s neck on your own time.
Are you… back? Are we back now, or…?
Uh, yeah, I’m back, I was only gonna be at Terry’s house for the game.
Wait, did I get booted back in time?
I know, I haven’t used this desk in like a *year*... But Dad has all his gear on the kitchen table, so.
Okay, that must be the way station. And… actually, help me understand, why would an *island* need anything like that anyway.
Like, nobody’s going anywhere.
Doesn’t the whole thing just go in a circle?
But seriously why would an island need a service station?
Do you know?
Um, this was a… mining island… before the war.
And the land, you know, as you can *tell*... it wasn’t really conducive to most different ways of transport, *so* they dug into the hills and laid down tracks and carted the coal by freight to the, uh, the pier for the boats.
Uhhh, it’d, uh, it’d just bore you.
Hey, I *like* history! ” Remember?
That army equipment in the tower?
Yeah, no, but that’s like *war* history, this is *farming* history. There’s a difference.
Oh. I see.
Uh, don’t worry about it, it’s not-- it doesn’t really matter, so.
I bet you know. I bet you know *exactly* why there used to be track here and you’re *holding out on me*.
[laughs]
Can I ask you something?
Yeah, of course.
Uh. Yeah…?
Um, it kind of depends…
And please, be brutally frank.
I can take it.
But look, I’m getting a weird feeling that you think I’m not too bright.
That’s the case, right?
Jonas! I think you’re smart, c’mon! What are you talking about?
Mmm… I don’t know. I just sometimes get, like, these *whiffs* of… I don’t know…
Um… about average, I’d say. The national mean.
The national mean. Alright. I can live with that.
What does it even matter!
Wow, you think I’m an idiot.
I didn’t say that!
You didn’t *say* anything, there’s all the evidence I need!
Yep. But don’t worry, I won’t hold it against you.
*Thanks*.
Man, your silence is deafening. And I’m only asking because I sometimes get these… whiffs of… I don’t know…
I can’t think of the word for it…
Disdain?
I don’t know. Act it out.
“Disdain.“
“Disdain.“
“Disdain.“
No, that’s not it.
Yeah, not talking is pretty much it, good job. But...
Superiority?
Noooo, not that.
Maybe it’s *stress*, like from what’s going on? Right now?
You think I don’t know stress? I *know* stress.
[laughs]
It’s like...
It’s like… I dunno, it’ll come to me.
I mean, it’s not like-- I’m glad *someone* can tell, but….
I dunno.
The guy wouldn’t run off before we got here.
I don’t think, at least.
I don’t know how he, like, fell asleep during all of this…
But...
He was… standing right there?
Hey, just for me… I wanna know… back at the bridge, why’d you flip the switch yourself.
You could’ve let me do it.
I’m just curious.
Oh, to impress you, of course! Why would I do anything except to delicately enhance your opinion of me!
Okay, alright.
Eh, I just wanted to see what would happen, to be honest.
Alright.
Oh c’mon, Jonas, are you still on that? We were stuck, I wanted to move things along, the end.
But, I guess… whatever.
Hey, just for me… why’d you let me flip the switch? Back at the bridge.
To be honest, I expected you to just bull ahead and do it yourself.
But you didn’t.
Cause you wanted to, that’s why. Pretty simple, really.
I just didn’t want to hurt your feelings, okay? It’s easier that way. With *boys*.
Alright, well you don’t have to do that with me, alright? Do what you want, I’m not gonna fret over it.
Cause why would I put myself in danger when I have my own personal stunt man standing right next to me.
I figured.
You think I’m kinda a slacker idiot, right?
Like I wouldn’t find any of this stuff interesting?
Right?
Um… I think your smarts are probably about average? I’d guess? The national mean.
[Inaudible murmuring]
Uhhhhh… crap.
I don’t…
Maybe we shouldn’t… uh… go near him.
Ugh, what’s… what’s happening to him?
I have no idea.
Ren, can you… can you hear me?
[Inaudible murmuring]
I mean… I know they say don’t move somebody with a spine injury, but, it’s like… we gotta do something….
Right?
This is a little different than a trampoline accident, he’s like turning into the Star Child.
I know it’s different, I know it's different, I’m just saying… we should do something.
I don’t know *what*, but… something.
Yeah, uh, any… thoughts on what we could do?
If I *did* have any thoughts on what would solve this, wouldn’t that be a little weird?
Well I’m not leaving him, so… that’s not even an option.
No, obviously. Unless we got like really really scared, then, you know…
Whoa, is this-- is that helping him or hurting him?
It’s doing something, but…
Helping him, hopefully, I dunno.
It’s all I can think of to do!
He’s still breathing.
Oh God.
Hard to talk through child.
Feels stretched better now.
Were you in… Ren?
Ren. Kid. Home for voice. Sometimes.
Who… who are you?
We are abounding. Not one. Silly. Blue hair.
What are you?
In-between. Fastened. But loose. Grounded.
What do you… do you *want* anything?
Want hard to say. Need. Relief. Need powder.
But do not be scared. You are dolls. Would never hurt you.
Can not hurt you.
To be sure.
Uh, well… that’s… good.
Can you help us? We’re… stuck here, and… we just wanna go home.
Home. Camena. We will go home. All of us.
Can we, uh, help you… or…?
Leave. Possible.
Uh, yeah, sure, leave possible…
Um, maybe? But I don’t really…
I… I don’t know what you mean, so… I can’t…
Grounded. By the Adler. Margaret.
Pretty little poppy.
Bleating cow.
Maggie Adler? That old woman? What does she have to do with anything?
That old woman. Was young. Once.
We were young. Once.
We don’t-- we don’t know what you want. If you could just… tell us… what do you want us to do?
Be you. Stay close. Don’t leave. Yet.
Sit still. Bear fruit.
Okay, we-- we should-- we should do something for Ren, right? But, like… maybe not try to move him in case of…
I don’t know… making it worse?
[Inaudible murmuring]
[Inaudible murmuring]
[Inaudible murmuring]
[Inaudible murmuring]
Jesus, Ren, are-- are you--
Tag.
You. It.
Jonas! Where did you--
As. Always.
As always?
Another night. The same. Night. The same. Boy.
Anna. Tried. What you. Are plotting.
No one ever. Understands.
Anna? Who’s-- who’s Anna?
Nothing. Now.
No one “understands?” No one understands what?
Plight. And sickness. You are in.
Wait, what do you think we’re “plotting?” What does that--
Everything. Happens. Again. And you will not. Fly. Above it.
Not. Adler.
Not. Another. Anna.
No one.
Ahhhhhh!
Ahhhhhh!
Ahhhhhh!
Holy Mother of God, you guys!
*God*, Ren.
*Man*, my heart’s going like a hummingbird in a-- in a car or something.
What just happened.
Don’t... ugh, don’t do that! Man.
Sorry.
Ren, Jesus, are you alright?
Yeah, just, give me a second. Give me a week.
You’re alive!
I am? I am!
Why was that a question at first...
Uh, how are you feeling?
The brownies haven’t wore off, if that’s what you’re asking.
That’s not what I’m asking.
There was about a three minute period there where I was seriously panicking that I’d lost my car.
Then I remembered I was on an island.
Ren, did you see the giant ass ghost that just like-- he was like living in your skull or something?
Uhhhhhh. Come again?
You were possessed by a ghost.
That would explain the aftertaste.
The island’s haunted, Ren.
Like, haunted with memories orrrr elevators on their period haunted.
The second one.
We’re in big trouble, Ren. Really big trouble, we need to call somebody or get a boat, but… we need to get out of here.
It’s ghosts. She doesn’t want to say it, but it’s ghosts. And you were possessed by one.
You were just possessed by a ghost, Ren. Don’t you remember any of this?
Not, no-- not something like that. And I would think I would.
Why-- why is this-- why-- actually, thanks for coming by the way.
Sure.
*Why* is this happening?!
I mean, I’ve been here-- I’ve visited this place like fifteen times!
And before now, the worst thing that ever happened was, like... a kid would lose his shorts to the undertow.
But seriously, *why*. Why is this happening?
On Edward’s Island of all places?
Uhh… *we*... kinda… did something… weird.
What-- what do you mean?
What-- what do you mean?
Did you-- did you curse the island?
Did you curse this island, you witch you?
Am we-- are we gonna have to kill a virgin?
Okay, alright, but go back. *You* did something weird?
Alright, now. Seriously. What do you mean by *you* did a weird thing?
Ren, we were trapped in the cave, and--
The exit had completely, like, disappeared.
Disappeared?
Just listen!
When we went into the cave…
We were all in the cave.
The deeper part of the cave.
The deeper part of the cave?
We saw this… *triangle*... and... I tried to tune it in with the radio, and… just… everything went all House of Horrors on us.
We tried to tune in this thing with the radio, and… it opened something. And now there’s like a poltergeist running around.
It was the radio. There was a floating triangle *thing* and...
When I tried to tune it in… it just *did* something to the world.
*Did* something?
That’s about as good as we can describe it, yeah.
It was a mistake, okay? It was a stupid stupid mistake, and I wish I never brought this *stupid* dumb radio with and I wish I was never born, alright, this sucks.
Ontario? What?
She said “radio” but it doesn’t matter.
We just accidentally kickstarted the whole Hell on Earth thing.
No, none of that.
Eesh. If we don’t have our skin tomorrow, I’m blaming you.
Thanks.
Yeahhh, you know… who knows?
Well… what do you *think* it is?
Cause I’ve been racking my brain.
And this doesn’t really fit my whole *alien* theory with the caves, so…
But yeah, what do you think is the, like, *thing* that’s making everything crazy?
*Okay*, okay it was us. Or… me.
I dunno. The Rapture?
The Rapture means everyone *goes* to Heaven, not the other way around.
Please. Don’t confuse me any more than I already am.
When there’s no more room in Hell, the dead walk the Earth?
What’s that from again?
Some zombie movie.
We have no better idea than you.
That’s not good.
That doesn’t-- that doesn’t seem it’d be part of a healthy lifestyle.
Something… listen, we did something weird with the radio in the cave...
We still have to go to Fort Milner to get Clarissa, but… I think Ren, you should go to the Comm Tower. We’ve been trying to send everybody there.
I emphasize *trying* because this little one likes telling people to go into dangerous places *alone*.
Like Nona.
I sense a story here.
We’ll tell you later.
For the last time, Jonas, Nona *wanted* to know about Clarissa. I bet she found her already and they’re having s'mores on the friggin’ beach right now.
While I’d like to just believe that, you know we still have to go to Milner to check.
No, you were wrong the first time and you’re wrong now, Ren should just come with us to Milner.
Ummm, no, I think I’m with your new brother-in-training, here, I’d really rather just shack up at the Communications Tower if that’s alright…
Great, then we’re all agreed.
I just need a little… breather…
From… adventure.
I’m not agreed! I’m not agreeing, I want it on the record.
Noted.
You know what, Ren, you’re just-- you’re a P-word. A big fat P-word. And you know the word I’m talking about.
Pimplehead.
Exactly.
Okay, sure, limp your little butt to the Comm Tower and wait for us there.
Oh shut up. Nona’s a big girl and she can handle some translucent tall men in her life.
*I* can barely handle it, so, I kinda doubt it.
Eeesh.
God, does anyone-- is this thing working?
Nona?
If anyone can hear this… out there… in, uh, whatever... I’m at the Comm Tower on Edward’s Island?
Hey, she listened to us. Great.
Does she know how to even work that stuff?
It doesn’t sound like it.
So if anyone can… crap, is this-- I’m trying to communicate with the--
Does she know how to even work that stuff?
It doesn’t sound like it.
Okay, now, but… what should we do about Nona?
Ughghgh, can’t, like, *anyone* work a two-way radio?!
Didn’t *everyone* have that, like, one *trucker* uncle who let them work the CB a few times for fun?!
Guess not.
We should get back there before she freaks out and runs away again.
Ugh. Idiot.
Hey, c’mon, she’s trying!
That’s-- you know, maybe she’ll get somewhere.
*Trying* isn’t gonna help us, Ren, knowing how to contact help is gonna help us.
Fine, she’s not an idiot, she’s just very over her head right now. \r\n
I think that was our cue, then. It’s kind of a shortcut back to the Communication Tower if we go through this fence.
Shouldn’t take that long.
*What*. You made us walk all the-- we had to take a Goddamn *moving bridge thing* to get here, and all you had to do was go through a *fence* to get to the Comm Tower?!
I didn’t wanna leave, I was scared, I'm sorry!
[angry moan]
I think it’s actually locked…
Not from this side. It’s a little latch, I could see it from the window.
I’m glad you can make sense of this place’s geography, because I’m still struggling.
So… are we goin’ back to the Comm Tower for Nona, or…
We should round up Clarissa at Ft. Milner first.
So Nona’s at Harden and Clarissa’s at Milner.
How do you know Clarissa’s at Ft. Milner?
She called me right after I called you, but the line died pretty quick.
Maybe at the tower it was her on the other line...
Oh yeah…
Maybe.
Or it was who you said it could’ve been, a clueless night watchman or something, who knows, it doesn’t matter.
They’d never have believed us, anyway.
Oh. Whoopsie.
Hey, if it was Clarissa serves her right for being so… *her*.
Look, we’ll split up. You guys do that… and *I* can go tend to the lovely damsel distressed in ye olde tower..
I wish you wouldn’t put it that way, but…
Yeah, *thanks*, leave us the supremely annoying one.
You’re welcome!
Just.. keep it in your pants, okay.
No promises!
Actually, wait… that kind of sounds like I’m going to force myself on her...
*Yeah*, I was just gonna say.
Can you even make it there?
Can I even make it there?!
You did just have a… *spectre* wearing you like a suit.
And all that’s left is a little indigestion, I’ll be fine.
Sure. Have at it. Ye.
Alright, well, guess we’re goin’ thattaway, so... we’ll see you at the Comm Tower, hopefully with Clarissa.
Anyways, Ren, go to the Comm Tower. We’ll meet you there later.
Good luck!
Not a problem!
Don’t do anything stupid!
I believe in you!
Right back atcha!
Milner, ho?
Milner, ho.
Ho.
We came here to do a thing let’s do the thing.
Remember, you said, “leaving isn’t an option?”
I don’t wanna leave him, we can’t.
Ren must have used this to call us.
It looks smashed.
Was this what you called us on?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. And then it just kinda exploded.
I think I remember reading that this well is supposed to be the first thing ever, uh, “built” or whatever on the island. Back in the 1600’s.
It doesn’t have a sign or anything…
It, uh, used to, I think.
Well, what else are you gonna say about a well other than, “People got thirsty and drank from it.”
Uh huh.
There used to actually be train tracks around here. But they took them out, I think, because of, uh, safety issues? I don’t know.
Safety issues? Why would that be?
It’s just some, you know, *iron*.
I wonder why they’d care.
Yeah, seems, uh, overzealous, kinda.
Hey, you know, trains can be dangerous. Some tennis guy in our school got flattened by one just last semester.
Oh, well if the “tennis guy” got flattened, there's obviously an issue.
I don’t know if you, uh, remember, but… the last time we got stuck we used one of these things to get out of it, so… I’m not just messing around right now.
Yeah, I remember, I remember…. kind of.
Ren! Are you in there? C’mon, pal, the neighbors are here and they wanna borrow some sugar!
This isn’t a guy on drugs.
Not that I wanna, like, alarm you.
Yeah, I don’t *want* to say the word, uh, “possession,” here… but…
Butttt?
What?
But he’s possessed, it’s possession, he’s clearly possessed.
Well, you know, let’s not jump to conclusions here, maybe it’s... *not*... that.
But I don’t know how to finish that sentence.
Okay.
Nope, it’s the brownie. “Winners don’t do drugs.” Arcade games taught me that.
I’ll keep that in mind.
Rennnn!
I hope you have a Plan B.
Wait, are the-- the triangle things, when they get like this, is this, like, when they *stop* working or… something else?
Uhhhh, I don’t think I took whatever class would have ever taught me that.
This island has had many owners. Portuguese explorers, Spanish settlers, but few stayed long, preferring the ranch work offered by the mainland. After 1890, the island was gifted to Col. Caleb Edwards for his part in the American Indian Wars, and he would lease it to several mining companies throughout the early 1900’s. This Relay Station served as the center of a makeshift railroad that carted coal to northern and southern piers. When Edwards died, the government saw a hole in national security at the outset of World War 2, and decided to take control of the island once again, founding Fort Milner in 1941.
Wait, we can’t leave without Ren.
Wait, we can’t leave without Ren.
We can come back, it’s not a big deal.
What? No big deal, we came all this way *specifically* to get Ren! C’mon, what are you doing, let’s get him.
I’m not leaving, I’m just… walking.
Alright, it just… looked like you were leaving for a second.
Wait, we can’t go yet. Ren is, like, in a *state* of something. Let’s fix him.
Okay, *fine*, Mr. I Care About People In Obvious Need of Help.
That’s like a-- that’s like a royal title.
I’m just checking things out, don’t get your whatever in a knot.
Hey whoa, Alex, wait we gotta-- we gotta like *plan* here, *formulate*.
Wait, Alex, really, let’s get this straight, or, I mean at least let *me* get it straight before you run off again.
Alex, hold up, let’s get our, uh, intentions in order here, we’ll leave in a minute.
[Gurgling]
[Pained gurgling]
There’s your boy.
Hey, Ren! We made it, finally!
Hey, Ren! Are you alright?
Ren, you idiot, we had to clomp all over the forest to find you. Couldn’t you have met us halfway?
Ren! Hey, have you seen any of the others?
Uh, Ren?
Uh, but I think something’s wrong with your friend.
Ren, c’mon. What’s-- what’s the matter?
Is he in shock or something? He looks weird.
Yeah, I dunno.
Seriously, Ren, you can have a drug freak out on your own time. I don’t have the patience to worry about you right now, so... c’mon, look alive here.
Ren!
Damnit, I think we’re…. we’re *looping* again.
Oh. *Oh*, really? Man, it’s, like… it’s kinda weird that you can tell when it’s happening and I can’t, right?
Ughgh, Jonas, we’re repeating the same, uh, *stuff* again.
We are? Huh, it’s, like… it’s kinda weird that you can tell when it’s happening and I can’t, right?
Where’d Ren go? Ren!
He’s… he’s probably around here somewhere.
Well… I guess I’ll look it up or something if we get back.
Yeah, I dunno. I’d be worried about it if I were you, cause, believe me, it’s *pretty* obvious.
Okay, well, I-- I don’t really know what to do with that, but fine, I’ll worry about it.
It’s not like you have some *condition*, Jonas, you’re just a little slow on the uptake, that’s all.
This is-- that’s *really* slow, like a whole new level of slow, then, but fine.
*I’m* more worried about the actual, like, whole time falling apart thing than whether or not you notice it, Jonas.
Yeah, no, that is, uh, still on my mind, trust me.
It’s just... strange.
Ren-- he *was* just here a second ago. If we didn’t get, uh, “displaced” too drastically, hopefully he wasn’t, either.
We’re in another-- the *time* messing up stuff is happening again. I think it booted Ren somewhere or something.
Oh great, more of that.
Island island blah blah.
Miners did stuff, it was stuff and that’s it.
Just… whatever.
Ren?
What’s he doing? Is he, like, sleepwalking?
I’ve *seen* sleepwalking, okay? Michael sleepwalked and the worst he’d do is take his pillow into the hallway, this is like… something else.
He’s like-- it’s like he has a fever or something.
No, what you’re witnessing is a patented Ren-style drug freak out, Jonas.
The show’s always the same, he’ll come to in about five hours and want orange juice and nachos.
Well, I don’t wanna stay here for five hours, so… fix him.
Hey, where’d Ren go?
I thought… I thought this would’ve fixed it. Like last time? Didn’t it?
The time… stuff? Yeah, I mean, I think it-- I think it did, I don’t feel as foggy.
Oh God, please… don’t let me have screwed this up any more.
Ren! Are you still here?
He was… standing right there?
Guys! Jesus, it took you *forever* to get here, what happened?
I’ve been scared out of my mind, hearing things.
Seeing things.
We, uh, went to Milner first. Clarissa was having a slow motion conniption, and, I dunno, it just seemed more pressing…
Oh my God, Clarissa can handle herself, *I’m* the one that needed a babysitter until I was fourteen.
Yeah, sorry about that. We got sorta side-tracked.
It’s fine, sorry, I’ve just been… spazzing.
Hey, we came, alright! We’re here to “rescue” you, so just be appreciative.
I’m appreciative, I can still nitpick your methods.
Do you have, like, *any* idea what’s going on?
Oh man, thank God, I thought you were a werewolf.
Alright, you have all your limbs apparently, so let’s use them and go.
Every ten feet’s been a horrifying ordeal the *entire* way here so… you’re lucky we made it.
And I am grateful, believe me.
I wouldn’t have made it to the Comm Tower, trust me, I get lost in houses when there's more than two bathrooms.
Good to see you’re okay. It’s… bad out there.
No, I’m good. I’m just glad you’re here.
Thanks for coming.
Yeah, it’s fine. Let’s, uh, let’s go.
But honestly, *why* were you so long in getting here?
I thought you said you were coming, like, as soon as you hung up?
It was a long walk.
Why would we be a werewolf.
I’ve convinced myself that’s the issue here.
We made it alright.
Christ, though, seriously, I was getting worried about you.
I… I don’t know.
“Find it... and discover the true chronicle of the island.”
JONAS: W-- wait, Jesus, *what* are you doing jumping across that? _0001
W-- wait, Jesus, *what* are you doing jumping across that?
Выбираемая фраза
Who’s talking?
How do you know this?
Why?
Fine.
Great!
Who’s talking?
How do you know this?
Who’s talking?
How do you know this?
Yeah, I remember this, too.
Of course!
What radio?
Of course!
What radio?
Oh God, this thing?
I don't know yet.
Yeah, he'll do.
He's nice.
I don't know yet.
Yeah, he'll do.
He's nice.
I hope.
Maybe.
Mike's dead, so...
Yeah. Sucks.
Better than my room.
You're nuts.
I'll forget sometimes.
I'm listening!
Sorry.
What is it!?
THINK.
I don't care.
Wait, what?
No way.
Cool!
Wait, what?
No way.
Cool!
I don't believe it.
Serial killer.
Nothing crazy.
I don't believe it.
Serial killer.
Nothing crazy.
I was messing with you.
You were so excited!
Gross!
Yeah, sure...
I don't believe that part.
Maybe!
Who's talking?
What's going on?
Where are you going?
Flavor country!
It's, uh, been a while...
I did notice.
Yeah, what's up with that?
Did you guys hear that last part?
Was that… me?
My mind drifted.
Yeah, sorry.
I'm listening.
Edwards Island
Uh, Bird Island or whatever.
Something something cookies?
I do not!
Do I?
How would you know?
That wasn't me
Oh yeah...
They're in love.
Kinda...
YES, it's weird.
They're in love.
Kinda...
YES, it's weird.
A step-brother.
A roommate.
Just some guy.
A step-brother.
A roommate.
Just some guy.
No, THAT'S weird.
Yeah, it's nice.
Sure, whatever.
Ahhhhhh, stop!
How I've tried to forget.
Best buds, clearly.
I do not!
Do I?
How would you know?
Yes, please don’t.
No, what happened?
Yes, please don’t.
No, what happened?
This is so familiar...
Huh?
I'm listening.
Yes, please don’t.
No, what happened?
He got lost in some gardens...
Yes, please don’t.
No, what happened?
He got lost in some gardens...
A step-brother.
A roommate.
We didn’t talk about this already?
A step-brother.
A roommate.
We didn’t talk about this already?
Sure.
Actually, no thanks.
Sure.
Actually, no thanks.
He is.
He's whatever.
He annoys me.
I was just kidding.
Yeah, it feels strange.
It's not THAT weird.
It IS kinda strange...
You miss your friends?
How do you think I feel?
We'll make the best of it.
Stop it.
And proud of it!
No, I get it.
Kind of...
That was Mike's room...
We didn't set it for you.
No problem...
That was Mike's room...
We didn't set it for you.
No problem...
It's okay.
Let's change the subject.
I heard your mom's dead.
I heard you were in jail?
Nice, uh, view.
We'll get there.
A LOT of time.
Precicely.
Only over movies.
It's Biblical... right?
It means, \“Oppressor...\“
Changed my mind.
Give me a second.
Yeah, sure.
I'll stay here with Ren.
Yeah, sure.
I'll stay here with Ren.
You're right, forget it.
Since now.
I'm being polite!
You're right, forget it.
Since now.
I'm being polite!

True.
But I wanna shop!
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Nona, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
Sure.
Actually, no thanks.
Sure.
Actually, no thanks.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Why didn’t you tell us?
Crappy start to it, huh?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Why didn’t you tell us?
Crappy start to it, huh?
Say what you wanna say.
Don’t worry about it.
CLARISSA did that?
That’ sweet.
We’ll find her.
Prepare for the worst…
Don’t worry.
She’ alive!
Where have you been?
How were you not killed!
I hate when this happens!
Ghosts, what do you want?
Clarissa, fight them off!
I’ll try.
What do you expect me to do!
This happened to Jonas, too.
Why would her stuff be here?
Is there a key in there?
Let’ not mess with it.
What could that mean?
What is that?
Isn’t she dead?
Forces outside her control?
The safety of others?
“Many” truths?
Scavenger hunt!
Chores, yawn.
Huh? I’m confused…
That’ us!
That’ me!
Good luck, lady.
What a find!
This is like a mystery novel.
No way I’m doing this.
Ahh, cool.
Really?
Let’ go then.
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Jonas, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
It’ hopeless.
I wanna explore more.
It’ hopeless.
I wanna explore more.
It’ hopeless.
I wanna explore more.
Leave us alone!
Are you keeping us here?
Did we bring you back?
Leave us alone!
Are you keeping us here?
Did we bring you back?
Leave us alone!
Are you keeping us here?
Did we bring you back?
Why are you stuck?
What are you between?
What do you need?
Why won’t it help?
“Talk to radio?”
What do we need to do?
Why are you stuck?
What are you between?
What do you need?
I am!
I’m not.
Yeah, annoying.
They gave us some stuff.
Yeah…
Maybe…
No…
I’m trying to help you!
Are you… not possessed?
Yes we are!
What more can we do!
What have you done!
It’ helped the others!
There’ a ghost in you!
Fury at what?
Is this the ghost talking?
We’re your friends!
Uh oh.
Don’t go near her!
Is she… alive?
We don’t know what that is!
She could be dangerous!
She wasn’t herself!
I’m sorry, Nona.
Maybe she’ just really hurt?
We have to fix this!
Yes.
Don’t remember anything, I take it?
CONSTANTLY.
Clarissa freaking out on me?
Clarissa being possessed?
Yeah, of course.
What is it?
No, you’re crazy.
Yeah, of course.
What is it?
No, you’re crazy.
Let’ find it.
We don’t have time for this.
Maybe we shouldn’t…
Let’ find it.
We don’t have time for this.
Maybe we shouldn’t…
Who cares!
We need that key, Jonas!
Good point.
Oh please!
Alright, fine.
Kicking it in, really?
Fun and profitable.
What about alarms?
He is.
What did you want to talk about?
He annoys me.
I was just kidding.
Yeah, it feels strange.
It's not THAT weird.
It IS kinda strange...
You miss your friends?
How do you think I feel?
We'll make the best of it.
Stop it.
And proud of it!
No, I get it.
Kind of...
That was Mike's room...
We didn't set it for you.
No problem...
That was Mike's room...
We didn't set it for you.
No problem...
It's okay.
Let's change the subject.
I heard your mom's dead.
I heard you were in jail?
Nice, uh, view.
We'll get there.
A LOT of time.
Precicely.
Only over movies.
He’ just a boy.
Alright.
Yeah, but what are ya gonna do.
Just his personality…
Yeah, we’re close.
Yep, just get the key and leave.
Hope Ren’ right…
Why would her stuff be here?
Is there a key in there?
Let’ not mess with it.
What could that mean?
What is that?
Isn’t she dead?
Forces outside her control?
The wellbeing of others?
“Many” truths?
Scavenger hunt!
Chores, yawn.
Huh? I’m confused.
That’ us!
That’ me!
Good luck, lady.
What a find!
This is like a mystery novel.
Ahh, cool.
Really?
Let’ go then.
I'm not a dog.
What's the rush?
Aye, aye.
ROCK SIDE?
Why don't you help us?
Is this safe, Ren?
Relax, Jonas...
Define fun.
Is there another way?
Yeah, it's an adventure!
Knock on wood.
I’m sure it’ here.
Better be here...
Shut up, Jonas.
We have to deal with it.
Clarissa’ in trouble.
Yes.
Don’t remember anything, right?
CONSTANTLY.
Clarissa dying?
Clarissa going mental?
The Time Loop stuff?
Why thank you.
That means you, right?
How’d they pull that?
That’ kinda cute.
That's kinda gross.
Are more people coming?
We’re not allowed here?
“Improper acts?” Like what?
Are more people coming?
We’re not allowed here?
“Improper acts?” Like what?
Ugh.
Haha.
Why?!
No way.
There's an explanation...
Creepy.
No way.
There's an explanation...
Creepy.
I wasn't there!
Whatever.
I can't imagine that.
Beach living sounds nice.
Why wouldn’t I be?
If it’ on an island!
Maybe not…
So what if I am?
Not really...
A little birdy?
What does THAT mean?
I’m not even sure yet.
Why do you care?
Why do you care about this?
Thank you, I will.
Why do you even care?
Sheesh, fine.
I'd miss you too!
Don't look out for me.
I'm sorry.
We normally don't bicker.
Shut up.
I can't imagine that.
Beach living sounds nice.
Why wouldn’t I be?
If it’ on an island!
Maybe not…
So what if I am?
Not really...
A little birdy?
What does THAT mean?
I’m not even sure yet.
Why do you care?
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Ren, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
What do you think the secrets are?
Who was Maggie Adler anyway?
Can’t wait to get home.
No, she was on to something.
Maybe…
But something’ going on, right?
No, she was on to something.
Maybe…
But something’ going on, right?
The ghosts are mad at her...
Maybe it’ military secrets she knows.
The ghosts are mad at her...
Maybe it’ military secrets she knows.
Tell my mom what happened.
Take a bath.
Go to sleep.
Yeah, sure.
No thanks.
Yeah, sure.
No thanks.
Eh, he’ right, I shouldn’t.
I wanna smoke!
I'm being polite!
Eh, he’ right, I shouldn’t.
I wanna smoke!
I'm being polite!
Knock on wood.
Ren’ a good egg.
Guess we’ll find out!
Yes.
Don’t remember anything, I take it?
CONSTANTLY.
Clarissa freaking out on me?
Clarissa being possessed?
Who cares!
We need that key, Jonas!
Good point.
Oh please!
Alright, fine.
“Brute force it?”
Fun and profitable.
What about alarms?
No…
I’m trying to help you!
Are you… not possessed?
Yes we are!
What more can we do!
What have you done!
It’ helped the others!
There’ a ghost in you!
Fury at what?
Is this the ghost talking?
We’re your friends!
She’ alive!
Where have you been?
How were you not killed!
I hate when this happens!
Ghosts, what do you want?
Clarissa, fight them off!
I’ll try.
What do you expect me to do!
This happened to Ren.
She’ alive!
Where have you been?
How were you not killed!
C’mon, ghosts, stop it!
What more do they want?
Maybe.
Or maybe not.
Only one way to find out.
Maybe.
Or maybe not.
Only one way to find out.
Oh yeah.
You’ll get used to it.
I hate it.
Oh yeah.
You’ll get used to it.
I hate it.
Let's just climb it.
Is this safe?
What if we're caught?
No…
I’m trying to help you!
Are you… not possessed?
Yes we are!
What more can we do!
What have you done!
It’ helped the others!
There’ a ghost in you!
Fury at what?
Is this the ghost talking?
We’re your friends!
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Jonas, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
What’ going on?
Are you controlling this?
Guys, this isn’t real!
Oh good.
There must be something.
Uh oh.
Don’t go near her!
Is she… alive?
We don’t know what that is!
She could be dangerous!
She wasn’t herself!
She was dragged?
Who knows.
Adrenaline gave out…
I’m sure he’ right.
Hopefully…
Guess we’ll find out!
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
I’m going to check on Ren.
I’m just walking around.
What’ going on?
A baseball game?
Is this still her?
Wow.
Oh my God.
Say you love her.
Tell her you’re sorry.
Say whatever you want.
There’ nothing to tune.
I think she’ gone…
I tried my best.
Hey, don’t blame me!
Maybe it wasn’t her!
It’ gonna be okay.
Back off.
Maybe I would!
“Singing” a different tune.
Flavor country!
It's, uh, been a while...
We looped again.
Damn it.
Clarissa?
We looped again.
Damn it.
Clarissa?
We broke time?
The ghosts are doing it.
It’ not our fault!
How’d they pull that?
That’ kinda cute.
That's kinda gross.
Are more people coming?
We’re not allowed here?
“Improper acts?” Like what?
Are more people coming?
We’re not allowed here?
“Improper acts?” Like what?
Ugh.
Haha.
Why?!
No way.
There's an explanation...
Creepy.
No way.
There's an explanation...
Creepy.
I wasn't there!
Whatever.
I’m not that far, keep talking.
I should check on Jonas.
Just need some air.
I’m still here!
Just need some air.
I’m still here!
Just need some air.
I’m still here!
I know.
I miss Michael, too.
It’ okay.
It hasn’t.
You make it okay.
I don’t know.
Ancient history.
Thank you.
It hurt, I’ll admit.
Maybe later.
Sure...
Maybe later.
Sure...
Sad, really.
[JOKE] War is hell.
You're a huge nerd.
Maybe later.
Sure...
Maybe later.
Sure…
Sad, really.
[JOKE] War is Hell.
Whoa, what was that?
Okay…
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Jonas, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
Yeah, lucky.
She could’ve helped!
Why didn’t you let her?
Yeah, lucky.
She could’ve helped!
Why didn’t you let her?
She notice anything weird?
At least she survived!
She notice anything weird?
At least she survived!
Do you think she knew?
She’ just screwing with you.
Like graduating, kind of?
Do you think she knew?
She’ just screwing with you.
Like graduating, kind of?
Oddly coincidental.
What’d she do here?
I don’t feel like that.
Oddly coincidental.
What’d she do here?
I don’t feel like that.
What’ wrong with Ren being here?
Don’t be weird already, Jonas…
Is something wrong?
You miss your friends?
How do you think I feel?
We'll make the best of it.
Stop it.
And proud of it!
No, I get it.
Kind of...
That was Mike's room...
We didn't set it for you.
No problem...
That was Mike's room...
We didn't set it for you.
No problem...
It's okay.
Let's change the subject.
I heard your mom's dead.
I heard you were in jail?
Nice, uh, view.
We'll get there.
A LOT of time.
Precicely.
Only over movies.
Let’ keep together.
I’ll hear what Jonas has to say.
What’ wrong with Ren being here?
Don’t be weird already, Jonas…
I think I know what you’re gonna say.
Ahh, cool.
Really?
Let’ go then.
Why would her stuff be here?
Let’ not mess with it.
What could that mean?
What is that?
Isn’t she dead?
Forces outside her control?
The wellbeing of others?
“Many” truths?
Scavenger hunt!
Chores, yawn.
Huh? I’m confused.
That’ us!
That’ me!
Good luck, lady.
What a find!
This is like a mystery novel.
No way I’m doing this.
Yeah, we’re close.
Yep, just get the key and leave.
Hope your plan works…
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
No, even after tonight.
Well, maybe…
That stuff is all hogwash.
What’ rubbed off on you?
It’ nice to have that, now.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
I’m surprised.
You're brainwashed.
Like what?
I’m surprised.
I can't imagine that.
Like what?
I get that.
That breeds laziness.
I’m surprised.
Yeah, it helps me, too.
Like what?
I’m surprised.
I can't imagine that.
Like what?
I’m surprised.
Yeah, it helps me, too.
Like what?
I’m surprised.
You're brainwashed.
Like what?
No…
I’m trying to help you!
Are you… not possessed?
Yes we are!
What more can we do!
What have you done!
It’ helped the others!
There’ a ghost in you!
Fury at what?
Is this the ghost talking?
We’re your friends!
Knock on wood.
Ren’ a good egg.
Guess we’ll find out!
I don't know yet.
Yeah, he'll do.
He's nice.
I don't know yet.
Yeah, he'll do.
He's nice.
I hope.
Maybe.
Mike's dead, so...
Yeah. Sucks.
Better than my room.
You're nuts.
I'll forget sometimes.
I'm listening!
Sorry.
What is it!?
THINK.
I don't care.
Wait, what?
No way.
Cool!
Wait, what?
No way.
Cool!
I don't believe it.
Serial killer.
Nothing crazy.
I don't believe it.
Serial killer.
Nothing crazy.
I was messing with you.
You were so excited!
Gross!
Yeah, sure...
I don't believe that part.
Maybe!
I'm listening!
Sorry.
We looped again.
Nona?
Clarissa?
We looped again.
Nona?
Clarissa?
We looped again.
Ren?
Clarissa?
We looped again.
Ren?
Clarissa?
We broke time?
The ghosts are doing it.
It’ not our fault!
Calm down.
It’ going to be fine.
I’m right there with you!
Some help you are.
Cool.
I don’t get it.
No, not at all.
Forget I asked.
Cross your fingers...
Who cares!
We need that key, Jonas!
Good point.
Oh please!
Alright, fine.
“Bust our way through?”
Fun and profitable.
What do you think the secrets are?
Who was Maggie Adler, anyway?
Can’t wait to get home.
You think she knew?
Nah, it’ something else.
Probably.
You think she knew?
Nah, it’ something else.
Probably.
The ghosts are mad at her…
Maybe she hid military secrets…
The ghosts are mad at her…
Maybe she hid military secrets…
Tell my mom what happened.
Take a bath.
Go to sleep.
I’m sorry, but no.
Clarissa’ in bad shape.
My friends need me.
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Jonas, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
Yeah, relax.
Um, a few times.
I wanna see what it’ll do!
Ehhh, maybe…
Yeah, relax.
Um, a few times.
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Jonas, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
No, let’ fix the loop.
Sure, I can wait.
[SILENCE]
No, let’ fix the loop.
Sure, I can wait.
[SILENCE]
This doesn’t feel right.
We should go.
I can kinda hear it…
I don’t think it’ her.
It’ possible?
I don’t think it’ her.
It’ possible?
Too dangerous.
We should leave.
Sure
Too dangerous.
We should leave.
Sure
Are you crazy!
Will you relax!
We have to go!
Getting home is more important!
[...]
That could be anything!
No, we would still leave!
That’ completely different!
That’ totally irrelevant!
IT IS GARBAGE!
What does that matter!
That wasn’t your Mom, okay?!
Because it’ the truth!
I don’t know!
I care about stuff!
I cared about Michael!
How does that make sense!
I just do!
I don’t!
Yes it is!
What does that matter!
I don’t blame you!
Because you wanted me to!
And I admit it!
I don’t think you’re stupid!
It’ NOT HER!
That doesn’t matter!
Yes you can!
Too bad!
I’m sorry, okay!
Why should I!
Of course I do!
You don’t think of me as a sister!
I HAVE tried!
How can you feel that way!
I can’t either!
That’ not my problem!
Don’t take it out on me!
She’ alive!
Where have you been?
How were you not killed!
I hate when this happens!
Ghosts, what do you want?
Clarissa, fight them off!
Maybe.
Or maybe not.
Only one way to find out.
Maybe.
Or maybe not.
Only one way to find out.
Ahh, cool.
Really?
Let’ go then.
Why would her stuff be here?
Let’ not mess with it.
What could that mean?
What is that?
Isn’t she dead?
Forces outside her control?
The wellbeing of others?
“Many” truths?
Scavenger hunt!
Chores, yawn.
Huh? I’m confused.
That’ us!
That’ me!
Good luck, lady.
What a find!
This is like a mystery novel.
No way I’m doing this.
Yeah, we’re close.
Yep, just get the key and leave.
Hope your plan works…
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a minute ago.
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
[...]
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
What?
You don’t think ANYTHING of me?
Jonas, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
You don’t care?
You SHOULD care.
Yes.
Don’t remember anything, I take it?
CONSTANTLY.
Clarissa dying?
Clarissa going mental.
The Time Loop stuff?
Why thank you.
That means you, right?
Ahh, cool.
Really?
Let’ go then.
Why would her stuff be here?
Let’ not mess with it.
What could that mean?
What is that?
Isn’t she dead?
Forces outside her control?
The wellbeing of others?
“Many” truths?
Scavenger hunt!
Chores, yawn.
Huh? I’m confused.
That’ us!
That’ me!
Good luck, lady.
What a find!
This is like a mystery novel.
No way I’m doing this.

Huh?
It’… cold?
The sun isn’t out!
Huh?
It’… cold?
The sun isn’t out!
I wanna look around some more.
Oh, okay.
Just some birds.
Nothing.
I HATE NATURE.
I changed my mind!
Yes, a marvelous adventure.
Shut up.
Be cool?
Why wouldn't I?
Relax!
Be cool?
Why wouldn't I?
Relax!
Yeah, what was it?
Leave it alone, Ren.
Jonas is just nervous about stuff.
Leave it alone, Ren.
Hi.
This is Jonas.
Hi.
This is Jonas.
Ugh, Clarissa’ here?
Just some birds.
Nothing.
I HATE NATURE.
I changed my mind!
Yes, a marvelous adventure.
Shut up.
Be cool?
Why wouldn't I?
Relax!
Be cool?
Why wouldn't I?
Relax!
Huh?
It’… cold?
The sun isn’t out!
Yeah, I think we have...
You’re nuts, that’ all.
We’re not in a Time Loop right now...
Yeah, I think we have…
You’re nuts, that’ all.
We’re not in a Time Loop right now…
Yeah, I think we have…
You’re nuts, that’ all.
We’re not in a Time Loop right now…
I don’t know, this feels new!
I’m not psychic!
“Ghosts suck?”
I don’t know, this feels new!
I’m not psychic!
“Ghosts suck?”
I don’t know, this feels new!
I’m not psychic!
“Ghosts suck?”
Yeah, so be nice.
He's cool.
I'm babysitting him.
Our parents are married.
Guess.
Who else was coming?
We're it.
C'mon, I'm fun!
Don't be mean.
Who invited you?
What about me?
Well SORRY.
What did I do?
THANKS.
Nevermind.
I don't even count?
Yay!
Yeah!
Yeah, so be nice.
He's cool.
I'm babysitting him.
C'mon, I'm fun!
Don't be mean.
Who invited you?
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.

Get a signal?
Let's go to the cave.
Sorry about them.
Let's go to the cave.
Fine.
Annoyed.
Pissed.
He'll be fine.
He has my Mom.
I should've warned you.
He'll be fine.
He has my Mom.
I should've warned you.
Yeah, so be nice.
He's cool.
I'm babysitting him.
Our parents are married.
Guess.
Let's explore!
I'm up for whatever.
Let's drink!
Bummer.
Let's see her house.
Bummer.
Let's see her house.
Let's explore!
I'm up for whatever.
Let's drink!
Let's explore!
Let’ just not do anything dangerous...
Let's drink!
What's that?
Isn't it Truth or DARE?
Fun!
Do we have to play this?
How can you prove that?
Fine, let's do it.
I'll just watch.
Give him a break.
Ooh, good one.
Ask me something instead!
I changed my mind!
Oh yeah, forget it.
He's lying!
Okay, moving on.
Pretty harsh, Clarissa.
Nevermind, I'm kidding.
He told me he liked her!
Eh... I'll pass.
Yay!
What's that?
Isn't it Truth or DARE?
Let’ do it.
And thanks for the beer.
Ren's into you.
So... about Ren...
I wasn't talking to you.
He's a great guy.
He's harmless.
I wasn't talking to you.
He's a great guy.
He's harmless.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Just stay out of it.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Just stay out of it.
As a boyfriend.
Just in general.
You tell him.
Sure thing.
Just think about it.
You tell him.
Sure thing.
Just think about it.
Think about ME dating him?
Sure thing.
Ren's into you.
So... about Ren...
I'm not a coward!
I didn't even lie!
One. Not weird.
Five. Weird enough.
Ten. Super weird.
What's wrong, really?
I wanna be friends.
Are you okay?
He seems okay.
What's your point?
Is there a question here?
What are you talking about?
That doesn't matter.
Get to the point.
[TRUTH] My brother died.
They had... issues.
This isn't fair.
[TRUTH] My brother died.
I quit.
Go to Hell.
What is your problem?
You are SO annoying.
Fine. Be that way.
We won't.
Sure thing!
Whatever.
Maybe later.
Sure, let's do it.
Ow!
REALLY?!
Hahaha.
Uh, I dunno...
Exploring?
Oh, sorry.
Yes I can!
I can still hear you!
Just keep going!
Gimme a sec.
I'm not leaving.
You're being mean.
It's not your fault.
What's her deal?
About Nona...
Haha.
I'm standing right here.
Of course!
You owe me.
About Nona...
I'm sorry.
She doesn't want to date!
It was funny!
I'm sorry.
It was funny!
Well... sorry.
Get over it, man.
I'm sorry, too.
Just watch it next time.
Gross.
Yeah, that'll work.
Give her space.
Go for it.
She doesn't want to date.
Give her space.
Go for it.
Why do you like her?
Girls like a challenge.
Play hard to get.
You only live once!
Girls wanna be romanced.
Okay.
There's other fish out there.
It's not you, it's her!
There's other girls!
It's not you, it's her!
There's other girls!
I told her to think about it!
Me!
Whatever.
Just tell me what to do.
Don't, Ren.
Gimme one.
\“Magic?\“
I saw it.
See what?
Haha, very funny.
I see it, too!
What is it?
No way!
Yeah way!
Uh... I don't know...
Jonas! Don't!
Wait for me!
You mean brownie?
Help me get Jonas!
Just rest.
WHAT.
HOURS?!
Lay it on me.
Take it easy.
I don't wanna play...
Lay it on me.
Take it easy.
I don't wanna play...
First, I'd marry Nona.
I'd marry Ren.
I'd marry Clarissa.
Just to piss you off.
You're funny.
You're, uh, tall?
I'd screw Ren.
I'd screw Clarissa.
Fine, I forfeit.
This is dumb.
I'd screw Clarissa.
I'd screw Nona.
I'd screw Nona.
I'd screw Ren.
Sorry...
You asked!
Sorry...
She got what was coming.
Sorry...
She got what was coming...
No!
Well... yeah.
That's a HORRIBLE question.
We're even now.
Thank you.
Yeah, it was stupid!
Forget it.
How is this possible?
What IS it?
It must be... uh...
How is this possible?
What IS it?
It must be... uh...
Satanic.
Scary.
Painful.
Nona.
Clarissa.
Jonas.
Do you LIKE Ren?
Ever mad at Clarissa?
Uh, ever pee in a pool?
I wanna hear it from her!
No?
That's it?!
Ha!
Worst fear?
Have a crush on anyone?
Opinion of me?
That's not scary.
I get that.
You're wrong.
That's mean!
About what I expected.
Ever been to JAIL?
Like our town?
Happy we're siblings?
Aw, too bad.
Really?
Phew!
Thanks!
Camena's not that great.
What's wrong with Westedge
A dolphin, right?
Something evil.
A black spot, like a mole.
What's wrong?
This should be good.
Do you LIKE Ren?
Ever mad at Clarissa?
Do you like Jonas?
Nona.
Clarissa.
Jonas.
Worst fear?
Did you have plans with Michael?
Opinion of me?
Run away with him?
For the future?
I don’t know…
Ever beat up a guy?
Like our town?
Happy we're siblings?
One. Not weird.
Five. Weird enough.
Ten. Super weird.
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
Of course!
What radio?
I can still hear you.
Sorry, I get antsy.
Sorry!
She dated my brother.
Who cares.
She's a monster.
She never liked me!
She should get over it.
Yeah.
Kind of.
Are you okay?

Jonas!
Where are you!
Come back!
Jonas!
You total jerk!
Come back!
Jonas!
WHY did you run off?
Are you okay?
Didn't you hear me call?
WHY did you run off?
Are you okay?
In this context, YES.
It can be.
It's beautiful.
It's creeping me out.
Can we just go?
Neat.
Makes me sad.
Where'd you find it?
More creepiness!
Makes me sad.
Where'd you find it?
It’ someone’ memory.
Reminds me of death.
Somebody cared about it.
Let's get out of here.
Maybe it IS someone.
What could it be?
Let's go, please?
Yeah, why not.
I'm just scared.
My friends are waiting.
Thank you.
YOU scared ME!
What are you doing?
I’m not listening to you!
My friends need my help.
I came here to do a job.
Was Clarissa there, too?
How many of them were there?
Does... it hurt?
Don’t hurt my friends!
Don’t lose yourselves!
Be braver than this!
Leave it behind.
Then take it with you.
That’ not all you have.
I have to do this!
You’re still in my friends!
It’ the only way.
Wait, why is this here?
I’m underwater?
What’ happening?
Famous men
have the whole earth
as their memorial.
Are you sure?
Okay.
No, it can’t be.
There’ still time left.
We’re still okay, so…
We’ll tune into the source.
We gotta go in and get her.
Any ideas?
We’ll tune into the source.
We gotta go in and get her.
Any ideas?
What branch?!
The radio, maybe?
There’ no time.
What branch?!
The radio, maybe?
There’ no time.
I have no idea.
Just try a bunch of stuff?
I have no idea.
Just try a bunch of stuff?
I have no idea.
Just try a bunch of stuff?
I have no idea.
Just try a bunch of stuff?
Nope.
Those I have a lot of.
I THINK!
YEAH!
SHOULD I STOP?!
What the Hell...
Jonas...
Hello.
Hi?
Hello?
What?
I don't know...
Who are you?
Uh, sure.
I don't know what you mean.
Maybe...?
Huh?
Me again?
What struggle?
Other me?
These machines…?
What won’t help?
I don’t know!
This has always worked before...
Yeah, thanks.
Wait, don’t!
Huh?
What's it doing?
Oh my God.
There’ an explanation…
WE’RE TRAPPED!
No there doesn't.
Sure.
Easier said than done.
Sure thing!
I hate this.
Hello out there!
Ren! Can you guys hear me?
Testing, testing…
What?
“Sleepy time gal?”
Hopefully!
Hang on, Clarissa.
Henry, if you’re there, help me!
Calvin, c’mon, stop this!
Francis, don’t be a part of this!
Henry, if you’re there, help me!
Henry, if you’re there, help me!
Calvin, c’mon, stop this!
Francis, don’t be a part of this!
Calvin, c’mon, stop this!
Francis, don’t be a part of this!
Calvin, c’mon, stop this!
Francis, don’t be a part of this!
Henry, if you’re there, help me!
I’m not going anywhere.
Just stop tuning.
I’ll be back.
Jonas, seriously!
Are you okay?
I'm gonna kill you!
Shut up!
I don’t care what happens to me.
Leave peacefully and I’ll stop.
I don't know how it would.
Hello?
Ghosts?
Jonas? Anybody?
Guess not.
Whoops.
In a minute…
They didn’t know it was you!
How can I fix it?!
Why?
How can I fix it?!
They didn’t know it was you!
How can I fix it?!
Why?
How can I fix it?!
It was fate, Francis!
Maybe it was fate.
I don’t believe in fate.
Maggie remembered!
A minute till what?!
What would your families think!
They built a monument!
A minute till what?!
What would your families think!
Maggie remembered!
A minute till what?!
What would your families think!
They built a monument!
A minute till what?!
What would your families think!
Calvin, they didn’t forget!
She cared about you.
I don’t know.
Maggie lost Anna, too!
I hate the town!
The town is for you!
Maggie lost Anna, too!
I hate the town!
The town is for you!
They’re trying their best!
I hate the town!
The town is for you!
They’re trying their best!
I hate the town!
The town is for you!
You know it’ true, Henry!
She thought about you a lot.
She felt guilty.
So I’m free to go?
No way!
See the first half?
You’re damn right I have!
Or you can just leave?
Where am I?
It’ worth it.
You’re just trying to scare me!
Uh, really?
It’ worth a try!
I’m screwed either way.
If she’ll survive, it’ enough.
But which could not
be attacked or destroyed
except under limited circumstances
SHUT UP!
I KNOW!
IS IT?
Then just leave!
Then why use my friends!
What are you talking about?
You have to go!
I'm not sorry for you.
Yes!
No, but you have to!
I can imagine it!
I changed my mind!
My friends wouldn’t take the deal!
I, uh, can’t leave, actually.
I changed my mind!
My friends wouldn’t have taken the deal.
I, uh, can’t leave, actually.
I’m here, aren’t I?!
I wanted to do what’ best!
They’re lying!
We don’t know what it is!
It’ scary!
I got confused!
Shut up!
I don’t care what happens to me.
Leave peacefully and I’ll stop.
JONAS!
WHAT'S HAPPENING!
AHHHHH!
I did it for Jonas.
I did it for my friends.
I've had enough life, honestly...
I just slipped, sorry.
Something was weird…
Stop this now!
Look at what’ happening!
They did care!
Maggie cared!
That’ no reason to do this!
Huh?
I’m leaving.
Okay, sorry.
Just a second.
Hello?
Getting louder...
Funny.
That makes no sense.
Now's not the time.
What good will that do?
Yeah, I know.
I don't care.
I won't.
Yes, let's.
I know that.
Stop talking.
Yes...
Where?
Let's go with that.
Uhhh, possibly?
Doesn't look like it...
Let's go with that.
Uhhh, possibly?
Doesn't look like it...
Cool!
No way.
You think so?
Maybe later...
Good idea!
Maybe later...
Good idea!
Maybe later...
Good idea!
I wanna look around first.
FINE.
Huh, that’ weird.
I don’t know what it is.
Shouldn’t there be something else here...
Jonas?
Anybody? At all?
Where am I?

Say anything about what?
SECRETS! TELL ME!
I don’t care, whatever it is.
Congrats!
Really, Nona? Him?
How can you even think about that!
Sounds great.
Uh, cool.
Well, I’m taking credit.
We got ghosts to destroy.
Good for you.
Leave us alone!
Are you keeping us here?
Did we bring you back?
We’re sick?
What did WE do?
I’m sorry for opening the thing!
We’re gonna end up like you?
How do we get better?
That’ not fair!
Help us and we’ll help you.
Why should we trust you?
Sorry, my mistake.
I got scared…
This happened to you, too, Ren.
Nona? Are you okay?
What’ she saying?
This happened to you, too, Ren.
Nona? Are you okay?
What’ she saying?
Not again!
They’re trying to talk through her?
Nona, fight it.
Not again!
They’re trying to talk through her?
Nona, fight it.
We don’t know.
Something about their submarine?
Something about Maggie Adler?
I’ll try.
What do you expect me to do!
Let’ get Clarissa, instead.
Oh, my mistake.
Let’ look around, anyway.
Oh, my mistake.
I just saw Michael!
Did you notice I was gone!
What was I doing?
I just saw Michael!
Did you notice I was gone!
What was I doing?
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was?
No I wasn’t, I’ve been gone!
I was?
No I wasn’t, I’ve been gone!
This was real!
Have I?
I don’t remember being here.
This was real!
Have I?
I don’t remember being here.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
It was good to see him.
It was just weird.
It sucks that he’ not here.
It was good to see him.
It was just weird.
It sucks that he’ not here.
Still waiting for the sorry…
You should apologize to Ren!
You completely lost it!
Good job!
And for wasting time!
And for losing your temper!
Our home or your home?
Yeah, me too.
Oh, not having fun?
Our home or your home?
Yeah, me too.
Oh, not having fun?
Tell my mom what happened.
Take a bath.
Go to sleep.
Still waiting for the sorry…
You should apologize to Ren!
You completely lost it!
Why'd you do it?
So you're a creep.
This is the truth?
Why'd you do it?
So you're a creep.
This is the truth?
That's no excuse!
I think I understand.
What happened to him.
Are you alright?
You can say that again.
Sometimes they do.
You are a good guy.
I know.
I hope that's enough...
Say, \“I'm a good guy.\“
You are!
Just don't attack me...
How have you been?
Clarissa’ gone, though.
Weird stuff happened…
How have you been?
Clarissa’ gone, though.
Weird stuff happened…
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
How have you been?
Clarissa’ gone, though.
Weird stuff happened…
You bet on our demise?!
You two are awfully chummy.
We can open the gate.
I don’t know what to do!
I’m just thinking.
Sorry.
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
No, even after tonight.
Well, maybe…
That stuff is all hogwash.
What’ rubbed off on you?
It’ nice to have that, now.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
I’m surprised.
[...]
Like what?
I’m surprised.
[...]
Like what?
I get that.
That breeds laziness.
Hey, slow down!
I’m not a beast woman!
I’m sorry, okay!
I know, I know.
We can just leave!
I did it for you!
If I HAVE to.
Okay.
Hey, slow down!
I’m not a beast woman!
I’m sorry, okay!
Let’ get Ren, instead.
Oh, whoops.
It’ been fun.
Nice knowing you.
We’re not dead yet.
Ugh, why!
Really?
Yeah, let’.
Are you kidding me with this?!
Uh, sure.
Are you kidding me!
I’m… sorry.
I tried.
There’ no time.
Really?
Yeah, let’.
Are you kidding me with this?!
Uh, sure.
Are you kidding me!
I’m… sorry.
I tried.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Not really…
What are you talking about?
The door open?
You guys okay?
Who cares about that!
We have more pressing issues right now.
I’ll do that next year.
Huh?
Who’ Ashley?
What concert?
BRILLIANT DEDUCTION.
Uh, yeah.
Same thing as us.
They got scared off.
They're being stupid.
My crappy town.
My hometown.
The water.
Well, it is.
Nice of you to say.
Check if anyone’ there.
Just for whatever.
Don’t apologize!
You should be sorry!
But you miss the class!
Good tip.
What do you do instead?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Why not tell anyone?
Crappy start to it, huh?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Why not tell anyone?
Crappy start to it, huh?
Say what you wanna say.
Don’t worry about it.
CLARISSA did that?
That’ sweet.
We’ll find her.
Prepare for the worst…
Don’t worry.
It’ been great, actually.
He just had a bad moment…
It’ been strained sometimes…
It’ been great, actually.
He just had a bad moment…
It’ been strained sometimes…
Having someone to talk to.
It’ nice having help.
I don’t know, it just has.
Yeah, lucky she didn’t come.
She could’ve helped!
Why didn’t you let her?
Yeah, lucky she didn’t come.
She could’ve helped!
Why didn’t you let her?
She notice anything weird?
At least she survived!
She notice anything weird?
At least she survived!
Do you think she knew?
She’ just screwing with you.
Like graduating, kind of?
Do you think she knew?
She’ just screwing with you.
Like graduating, kind of?
Oddly coincidental.
What’d she do here?
I don’t feel like that.
Oddly coincidental.
What’d she do here?
I don’t feel like that.
Preserve?
I don’t know!
Nevermind…
Huh?
I don’t know!
Nevermind…
I saw Ren drowning.
Ren, are you okay?
Just on our way to the woods.
I saw Ren drowning.
Ren, are you okay?
Just on our way to the woods.
Oh yeah, my mistake.
Are you guys alright?
Just on our way to the woods.
Oh yeah, my mistake.
Are you guys alright?
Just on our way to the woods.
Just be careful.
I didn't mean to upset you...
Uh, maybe it wasn't real.
Just be careful.
No! They’re in danger!
Just be careful.
I didn't mean to upset you...
Uh, maybe it wasn't real.
Jonas, it was real!
Okay, I guess they're fine.
Jonas, it was real!
Okay, I guess they're fine.
It will be the last time.
No promises!
It wasn’t my fault, really!
Sorry.
How’ she taking it?
Give her another shot.
What does that mean?
Wow, big step!
Maybe think about it?
At least her eyes aren’t weird.
Nona? Are you okay?
What’ she saying?
This isn’t my fault!
My mistake!
THAT’S what you notice?
They’re trying to talk through her?
Nona, fight it!
THAT’S what you notice?
They’re trying to talk through her?
Nona, fight it!
We don’t know.
Something about their submarine?
Something about Maggie Adler?
I’ll try?
What do you expect me to do!
I have the headache.
Well, we’re all screwed.
What do we do?
We’re doomed.
It’ been ghosts.
You don’t wanna know.
We’re doomed.
It’ been ghosts.
You don’t wanna know.
We did something in the cave.
Jonas did it!
Who knows!
We did something in the cave.
Jonas did it!
Who knows!
We did something in the cave.
Jonas did it!
Who knows!
You don’t know, do you.
SPIT IT OUT.
Yeah, but it’ LOCKED.
[...]
Won’t we still be cursed?
Yeah, but it’ LOCKED.
[...]
Won’t we still be cursed?
“Should?”
[...]
It looks like a code lock…
“Should?”
[...]
It looks like a code lock…
We ALL go.
Ren, stay with Nona.
Fine, Ren comes with us.
Yes. Really.
If you don’t want to…
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
You’re right, come with us.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
Yes. Stay here.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
Yes. Stay here.
Yes. Really.
If you don’t want to…
[SILENCE]
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
You’re right, stay here.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
Whatever, just come.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
You’re right, stay here.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
Whatever, just come then.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
Whatever, just come then.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
Whatever, just come then.
Nona?
Can you just leave, ghost?
What are you trying to say?
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
You didn’t tell me that!
Of course you did.
Why do you think?
You hate school!
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
How are you doing?
What do you think is going on?
Just checking.
No reason.
Stuff is crazy, that's why?
Pretty literal, there.
And what does it all MEAN?
Fine.
GREAT.
Could be better.
I just saw Michael!
Did you notice I was gone!
What was I doing?
I just saw Michael!
Did you notice I was gone!
What was I doing?
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was?
No I wasn’t, I’ve been gone!
I was?
No I wasn’t, I’ve been gone!
This was real!
Have I?
I don’t remember being here.
This was real!
Have I?
I don’t remember being here.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
It was good to see him.
It was just weird.
It sucks that he’ not here.
It was good to see him.
It was just weird.
It sucks that he’ not here.
I saw Michael again.
Oh God.
Let’ go.
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
Yeah, adorable.
Let’ regroup up there.
Where’ Clarissa...
Where is she?
This happened to you, too.
Any ghosts or, uh, triangles?
Where is she?
This happened to you, too.
Any ghosts or, uh, triangles?
How did it happen?
We’ll fix her, don’t worry.
This doesn’t sound good…
She’ll be okay.
She’ possessed.
She’ screwed.
Nothing, it waved.
Nevermind, this is a terrible joke.
I saw Nona drowning!
Nona might be in trouble!
What happened?
I saw her drowning.
It doesn’t matter.
It’ just a feeling I have.
I did?
Uh oh.
Ren needs help.
That’ what you saw?
I guess…
We should go back.
What about Nona?
Yeah, let’ do this.
Let’ go meet up.
The important ones are safe...
Where’ Clarissa...
I’m joking.
I’m serious.
Where is she?
This happened to you, too.
Any ghosts or, uh, triangles?
Where is she?
This happened to you, too.
Any ghosts or, uh, triangles?
How did it happen?
We’ll fix her, don’t worry.
This doesn’t sound good…
She’ll be okay.
She’ possessed.
She’ screwed.
Sure you’re gonna be okay?
Holler if you see a boat.
Feeling any better?
I wanna find Clarissa.
I’m not leaving.
I wanna find the Adler notes.
It was the war, so…
We did get bombed.
You two made up?
Clarissa’ gone, though.
Weird stuff happened…
You two made up?
Clarissa’ gone, though.
Weird stuff happened…
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
Less talk, more action!
Whoops.
Gonna be okay by yourself?
Holler if you see a boat.
How are you feeling?
What history project?
Ugh, you try too hard.
Why leave?
I’d miss you.
But everyone loves you!
Gimme a break!
You are great, though.
Don’t put pressure on yourself.
It was hard?
It was easy?
No idea.
How profound!
I coulda told you that!
Interesting…
Shut up!
Stop it.
Yeah, whatever.
Oh my God.
Let’ hurry.
I knew it!
You could’ve waited…
Aww, how sweet.
Oh my God.
Let’ hurry.
What about the Adler notes?
Whoa, did you feel that?
What just happened?
I just saw Michael!
Did you notice I was gone!
What was I doing?
I just saw Michael!
Did you notice I was gone!
What was I doing?
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was?
No I wasn’t, I’ve been gone!
I was?
No I wasn’t, I’ve been gone!
This was real!
Have I?
I don’t remember being here.
This was real!
Have I?
I don’t remember being here.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
It was good to see him.
It was just weird.
It sucks that he’ not here.
It was good to see him.
It was just weird.
It sucks that he’ not here.
I saw Ren drowning!
Ren might be in trouble!
What just happened?
I saw him drowning.
It doesn’t matter.
It’ just a feeling I have.
I did?
Uh oh.
Ren needs help.
That’ what you saw?
I guess…
We should go back.
What about Ren?
Yeah, let’ do this.
Rich old coot.
I'm jealous.

Same thing as us.
They got scared off.
They're being stupid.
My crappy town.
My hometown.
The water.
Could be somebody.
Could be nothing.
Yeah, let's find out!
You big baby.
I guess you're right...
Okay, FINE.
Chicken.
Yeah, let's find out!
You big baby.
I guess you're right...
Gonna be okay here?
Holler if you get someone on the radio.
Feeling any better since last time?
She's my friend.
We can't leave anybody.
Maybe not Clarissa...
She's my friend.
We can't leave anybody.
Maybe not Clarissa...
What can you do?
It's LOCKED.
Be my guest.
That's not an expression.
I'm fine.
I think so...
What happened?
No.
As sure as I'm gonna be.
Do I look alright?
You okay?
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
Grow up.
Yeah, it's pretty great.
Maybe that’ why I remember it.
Her house is behind a giant gate.
Why not mention this before?
Eureka!
Hey, back off, Jonas.
Jonas kinda has a point…
What other plan is there?
We can’t fix the radio.
We don’t know where Clarissa is.
Set fire to the mug shop?
C’mon, it was nobody’ fault.
It was YOUR fault, actually.
It was our fault.
C’mon, it was nobody’ fault.
It was YOUR fault, actually.
It was our fault.
Because you wanted me to!
And I admit it!
Jonas is not a weirdo!
Everyone calm down.
Ren, it’ okay.
Jonas is not a weirdo!
Everyone calm down.
Ren, it’ okay.
Don’t suck me into this!
Guys! Stop it!
I don’t even know what you’re arguing.
Don’t suck me into this!
Guys! Stop it!
I don’t even know what you’re arguing.
Don’t suck me into this!
Guys! Stop it!
I don’t even know what you’re arguing.
Don’t suck me into this!
Guys! Stop it!
I don’t even know what you’re arguing.
Don’t suck me into this!
Guys! Stop it!
I don’t even know what you’re arguing.
Hey, back off, Jonas.
Jonas kinda has a point…
Let’ just cut to the end here...
Anyone there?
We need help!
SOS. Mayday.
No.
Someone was there...
Who is it?
Funny.
Anyone there?
We need help!
SOS. Mayday.
No.
Someone was there...
It's not a prank!
I'm freaked out too!
I wouldn't do that to you.
No hard feelings?
I still need you.
Go easy on Ren.
But I wanna!
How do you know it works?
Why is the fence necessary?
We ARE badasses.
We’re not that badass.
Nada.
Nope.
No.
Hi, Nona.
You did more than I could.
What won’t work?
It’ been ghosts.
You don’t wanna know.
We tuned into something in the cave.
It’ been ghosts.
You don’t wanna know.
We tuned into something in the cave.
It’ been ghosts.
You don’t wanna know.
We tuned into something in the cave.
How’ Nona?
How are you?
Any good news?
It’ okay.
How hard have you tried?
We’ll come up with something.
Me neither.
I can hear my friends...
It’ cool!
Can we talk about what happened?
Where's everyone else?
It probably won't!
Hello?
Comm Tower speaking.
HELLLPPP!
Ren?
Yeah, it's me.
How are you calling us?
It's been a rough night....
How'd you get there?
Just calm down.
Are you okay?
Hold on, Ren. [SWITCH OVER]
I'll ignore it.
Hold on Ren. [SWITCH OVER]
They can wait.
Hold on Ren. [SWITCH OVER]
Clarissa can wait.
Yeah, let's do it.
Ren sounded bad, though.
But I ALSO promised Ren!
Maybe... [SWITCH OVER]
Stupid Ren.
Clarissa? [SWITCH OVER]
Stupid Ren.
We're coming to get you.
Where's Nona?
Just come here.
We're coming to get you.
Where's Clarissa and Nona?
Just come here.
We're coming to get you.
Where's Clarissa and Nona?
Just come here.
We're coming to get you.
Where's Nona?
Just come here.
Yeah, let's do it.
Ren sounded bad, though.
She can handle it herself.
Maybe...
But I hate Clarissa!
Being annoying.
Hating me.
Conformity!
Ren in the woods.
Clarissa in Milner.
Ren in the woods.
Clarissa in Milner.
Yeah.
Maybe he'll come here?
Annoying little weasel...
UGH.
FINE.
Where are you?
Ren's on the other line.
Goodbye, Clarissa! [SWITCH OVER]
Are you okay?
Goodbye, Clarissa. [SWITCH OVER]
We're on our way!
Meet us here instead.
Ren needs my help. [SWITCH OVER]
Maybe Ren's still on the line?
Lost the connection?
DON'T SAY THAT.
We can only hope.
Yeah.
Maybe he'll come here?
Annoying little weasel...
I’ve heard enough.
Let’ just get on with it.
Fights bore me.
She sounds normal...
She’ tired, like us.
She’ probably scared.
How'd you do that?
My hero.
Good job.
But this is exciting!
Not without my friends!
WAY ahead of you.
But this is exciting!
Not without my friends!
WAY ahead of you.
There’ other versions of us…?
Alternate realities?
A past / present thing?
No hard feelings?
We’re still friends.
Don’t eat any more brownies.
I will take offense.
Don’t you trust me?
Anyone there?
We need help!
SOS. Mayday.
No.
Someone was there...
No.
Someone was there...
It sounded like Clarissa… maybe?
Lil' help?
What are you doing?
Told you.
Thanks.
Yeah, right.
I think it's boring.
Horror island!
Forget it.
INTERMINABLE.
Forget it.
Why’d you do it?
Are you… okay?
This is the truth?
Safe to be around…
Are you alright?
I’m… not sure.
Thanks for telling me.
I’m keeping an eye on you…
Taking a break.
Seeing if you're okay.
Any luck with the radio?
Less talk, more action!
Whoops.
Yeah, of course.
Anything to get out of here.
Stop it!
Shut up, both of you!
Ren.
Jonas.
Nona.
The boat’ his idea.
You need to cool off.
He’ my friend, too.
He’ been like my side-kick.
You ate another brownie!
We’re still doing your plan.
Be quiet!
This is why!
We’ll be back later.
I don’t care.
Nona is happy, right?
Just checking.
Please say you’re joking.
When did you do that?
REN! YOU IDIOT!
You better hope it levels you.
I can’t believe you.
Whatever you need, fine.

Can we change the subject?
I do not!
Oh god, do I?
Wanna turn back?
It stretches for miles.
Not outdoorsy?
Haha. \“Sprawling.\“
We just started...
There is a park.
We just started.
Of course!
...Vaguely.
Not in the slightest.
Not at all.
We got a map, it's fine.
What's your point.
We'll be fine.
Yes, I'm the horse.
I do!
I mostly do.
Ren.
It's an expression?
Don't read into it.
I AM being straight.
I will, don't worry.
YOU be straight!
Of course!
...Vaguely.
Not in the slightest.
I AM being straight.
I will, don't worry.
YOU be straight!
Arrow.
Something straight.
Parks are all the same.
What was it called?
Your town sounds horrible.
This is out of the ordinary.
Uh… didn’t we skip something?
Wait. What.
Yeah, who cares.
Well I'M interested!
Relax!
I’ve been here before.
I’m in VERY good shape.
4 AM.
Why? Getting tired?
Doesn’t your phone say?
Bed.
Pizza, of course.
Weird, how?
You feeling okay?
I’m tired, too.
Buck up.
Just a little more adventure.
Yes, absolutely.
It’ all we have.
I only kind of understood…
Hitler was confident, too!
They should be concerned.
Don’t worry about it.
4 AM.
Why? Getting tired?
Doesn’t your phone say?
Yes, absolutely.
It’ all we have.
We keep time jumping...
Nona’ in trouble.
Oh, whoops.
Can’t we all do it together?
I’m worried about them.
Oh, whoops.
Can’t we all do it together?
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
Relax!
I've been here before.
I'm in VERY good shape.
Jonas!
Oh no, c’mon.
What?
Are you okay now?
It’ getting worse.
What does that feel like?
Are you okay now?
It’ getting worse.
What does that feel like?
Weird.
But do you see stuff?
Weird.
But do you see stuff?
What is it?!
It’ okay, say it.
Awwww.
I’m glad, too.
Of course you are.
Awwww.
I’m glad, too.
Of course you are.
And we’re gonna be fine.
Yeah, let’ finish this.
I like it late at night.
I can relate.
Why are you telling me this.
It’ too late.
We can get her back.
It’ for the best.
Ugh. Whoa.
Why is this wrong now?
Yeah, who cares.
Well I'M interested!

I flipped the ONLY one!
I don't know...
Don't blame me!
What are you talking about?
Who’ brother?
I barely did anything!
That was real?
What does that matter!
Ahhhhhhh!
It's just a chair...
Worth it.
Erm, sorry.
Ahhhhhhh!
It's just a chair...
You’ll never learn.
There’ no way out.
Stop trying.
Ugh, whoops...
Why!!!
That wasn’t fun...
It's a bridge ferry.
It's neat!
Doesn't look safe...
It's a bridge ferry.
It's neat!
Doesn't look safe...
It's an army thing.
Kinda cool, right?
I think we have to.
Maybe there's another way?
Ren needs us!
I think we have to.
Maybe there's another way?
Ren needs us!
Doesn't look like it.
We'll see.
Except for the giant pit...
They’re both alive!
How are they doing that?
Can they put a fork in it?
Talk box?
Uh huh.
Shut up.
You’re not Jonas.
Fix Ren!
Yeah, right.
Whatever.
I don’t care.
We’re getting out of here.
How do you know.
I’m done talking to you.
Get out of Jonas!
This isn’t over.
A proposition?
Our plan might work!
I’m not in charge!
No way, I’m saving everyone.
Sure, have Clarissa.
Why do you need my permission?
Don’t patronize me.
Just leave.
Fine, take her.
No deal.
Shut up.
You’re not Jonas.
Why keep doing this, then!
“Break script?”
Just stop already!
I can’t break the cycle!
No way, I’m saving everyone.
Sure, have Clarissa.
Why do you need my permission?
No...
Was it?
The door opening is worse...
What a night.
Not what I expected...
Sorry about this.
What do YOU mean?
You said it first!
What do YOU mean?
I'm agreeing with you...
It IS your fault!
It's my fault.
You're right.
Thank you.
Hey!
It IS your fault!
Yeppp.
How can you not know?
It’ okay, Nona.
Nevermind.
Ren might not be dead.
The Time Loop’ screwing with things.
I’m sorry.
I KNOW it’ Ren!
No, we have to focus.
It’ not stupid.
He’d be flattered.
We can still solve this.
He knew.
He hoped.
It doesn’t matter.
The lift needs power.
You're supervising, kinda.
I'll be okay.
The bridge looks dead.
You're supervising, kinda.
I'll be okay.
I can handle it!
That's sweet, but no.
Okay, thanks.
A GIRL doing it?
Watch, it's easy.
Fine, you do it.
True!
You'll be fine.
Glad you’re having fun…
I traded Clarissa for our lives.
I’d like to report a poltergeist.
Okay, Mr. No Fun.
Yeah, he’ right, actually.
Glad you’re having fun…
The ghosts wanted to make a deal…
I’d like to report a poltergeist.
It was worth it!
You would’ve done the same!
I was scared for you guys!
Tada.
THERE you big baby.
What about your Mom?
This one is.
Says you.
No need?
They forgot?
Monsters?
Don't say that.
MAYBE.
Yep.
I know.
I just wanna poke around.
We’re awesome!
Meet you there.
Yeah…
She’ll get over it.
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
YOU TELL ME.
What'd you hit?
I don't know...
They’re both alive!
How are they doing that?
Can they put a fork in it?
Talk box?
Uh huh.
Another loop…
Not this again.
You do it, then.
Oh yeah…
Why are you here?
What’ wrong with Ren?
We’re in a Time Loop.
Clarissa was “dead,” too.
How?!
Oh my God.
What, it’ the truth!
I’m sorry.
You were possessed.
Remember Ren and Nona?
I traded Clarissa for our safety.
You were possessed.
Remember Ren and Nona?
I traded Clarissa for our safety.
Yeah, maybe.
Most likely.
It seemed pretty real.
Nothing.
I don’t know.
I may have changed the past.
Nothing.
I don’t know.
I may have changed the past.
I went back in time!
Just forget about it.
I went back in time!
Just forget about it.
Easy.
Uh, sure.
Easy.
Uh, sure.
You were possessed.
Remember Ren and Nona?
The ghosts tried to make a deal…
You were possessed.
Remember Ren and Nona?
The ghosts tried to make a deal…
I don’t trust the plan.
It was a hard choice!
I just don’t like Clarissa.
I don’t trust the plan.
It was a hard choice!
I just don’t like Clarissa.
We can’t trust them!
What would you have done!
I did it for all of us!
You were Milner!
What’ wrong with Nona?
We’re in a Time Loop.
Clarissa was “dead,” too.
How?!
Oh my God.
What, it’ the truth!
I’m sorry.
I saw Ren drowning.
Ren, are you okay?
Uh, nevermind.
I saw Ren drowning.
Ren, are you okay?
Uh, nevermind.
Oh yeah, my mistake.
Are you guys alright?
Uh, nevermind.
Oh yeah, my mistake.
Are you guys alright?
Uh, nevermind.
It was REAL, Jonas.
Okay, I guess they’re fine.
Just be careful.
No! They’re in danger!
Don’t say that.
Nona made her own choices.
Uh, do you notice Jonas?
Nevermind.
Nona might not be dead.
The Time Loop’ screwing with things.
I’m sorry.
Okay, fine!
No, we have to focus.
It’ not a waste.
It’ not small to like someone.
We can still solve this.
You two would’ve been good.
Yes, she did.
I’m sure she liked you.
Might be.
It sounds weird, too...
Maybe we broke it.
Don't worry.
Uh, any ideas?

Ghosts, huh?
This is really insane.
Having fun, yet?
But?
Go on...?
Unless we die.
Suuurre.
Do they WANT anything?
I don't know.
Justice, usually.
That's what movies taught me.
This feels bigger than that.
YES.
Just hush.
NOW you're getting it.
YES.
Just hush.
NOW you're getting it.
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
You didn’t tell me that!
Of course you did.
Why do you think?
You hate school!
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
Take that ball.
I'm weaker than I thought...
Who's there?
What...?
This is stupid!
Nona, it's me!
Where is this going?
This is getting old.
Who are you!
Okay...
Don't get weird now.
Ha... ha?
Okay...
Don't get weird now.
Ha... ha?
A slight hill?
The, uh, wind?
EVERYTHING's weird.
4 AM.
Why? Getting tired?
Doesn’t your phone say?
Bed.
Pizza, of course.
Weird, how?
You feeling okay?
I’m tired, too.
Buck up.
Just a little more adventure.
Yes, absolutely.
It’ all we have.
I only kind of understood…
Hitler was confident, too!
They should be concerned.
Don’t worry about it.
But what did it do?
Is the time thing fixed?
Feel any different?
Don't wanna play?
Not nice.
Hey!
No crap.
What tipped you off.
Maybe...
What about the repeating stuff?
Okay, it's ghosts.
Uhhh....
Proto... something.
Unexplained phenomena.
\“Ghosts\“ are fine.
My heart's gonna explode.
This is nuts!
What about the repeating stuff?
Okay, it's ghosts.
Uhhh....
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
Huh.
Neat.
Alright...?
Jonas!
Oh no, c’mon.
What?
Are you okay now?
It’ getting worse.
What does that feel like?
Are you okay now?
It’ getting worse.
What does that feel like?
Weird.
But do you see stuff?
Weird.
But do you see stuff?
What is it?!
It’ okay, say it.
Awwww.
I’m glad, too.
Of course you are.
Awwww.
I’m glad, too.
Of course you are.
And we’re gonna be fine.
Yeah, let’ finish this.
I like it late at night.
I can relate.
Why are you telling me this.
It’ too late.
We can get her back.
It’ for the best.
Something's wrong...
Stop saying that!
We've DEFINITELY been here.
Something's wrong...
Stop saying that!
We've DEFINITELY been here.
You really don't remember?
We've already done this!
We're going in circles.
You really don't remember?
We've already done this!
We're going in circles.
Yes, you have!
You really don't remember?
We've already been here!
Yes, you have!
You really don't remember?
We've already been here!
Yeah, cause we've done this!
You really can't tell?
We keep repeating time.
Whatever we did in the cave…
We’re stuck in this area…
We keep repeating time.
Whatever we did in the cave…
We’re stuck in this area…
Things are sideways.
Jonas?!
Oh no.
Again?
Nona’ in trouble.
Oh, whoops.
Can’t we all do it together?
I’m worried about them.
Oh, whoops.
Can’t we all do it together?
Michael's dead...
What are you?
What do you mean?
Wait, what's happening?
How am I...?
Yeah, it's cool!
With who...
Beats me.
Forget it.
Okay, I will!
Who knows.
Army stuff?
Ghost... reasons...
You already said that.
Something just happened...
Uhh... yeah?
You already said that.
Something just happened...
Uhh... yeah?
Why was it bad?
It's better than this!
FASCINATING.
Why was it bad?
It's better than this!
FASCINATING.
Look around, this sucks.
What's to like?
Try harder.
I know, I know.
Maybe.
Yeah, I agree.
No way.
Maybe.
Yeah, I agree.
No way.
Whose life is that?
What?
I never did that!
Well it is wrecked.
Maybe you're right.
You're insane!
Well it is wrecked.
Maybe you're right.
You're insane!
At some point we will!
Yeah, it’ fine.
I had the exact same ball.
Smells bad...
Oh, shut up.
Hardy har har.
Help us, we’re on the island!
Anybody out there?
Call emergency services!
Ugh, again?!
But I kicked the ball!
There MUST be a way out.
Do you remember more now?
There better be...
I saw another version of me...
\“Michael should dump Clarissa.\“
Doesn’t matter.
\“Michael should stay with Clarissa.\“
Doesn’t matter.
\“Don’t tell Michael what to do.\“
Doesn’t matter.
I think it's her.
I'm not sure.
Who knows.
Army stuff?
Ghost... reasons...
Yeah, kinda.
You're crazy.
Tuning gets us in trouble!
Maybe...
You were expecting it to?
Yay.
Don't worry so much.
I don't need your help.
You can say that again...
Yes, with my brother.
Yeah, sure.
Who cares now.
Yes, with my brother.
Yeah, sure.
Who cares now.
Sometimes.
Why talk about this?
We were best friends.
We were family.
I guess, sorta.
We were best friends.
We were family.
I guess, sorta.
I'm over it.
After tonight? Never again.
It's pretty nice.
I'm over it.
After tonight? Never again.
It's pretty nice.
What's wrong?
It's US, Nona.
Calm down...
What's wrong?
It's US, Nona.
Calm down...
What are you talking about?
We haven't seen you.
Uh oh, you're insane.
What are you talking about?
We haven't seen you.
Uh oh, you're insane.
She's at Ft. Milner.
Nope!
We're looking for Ren.
She's at Ft. Milner.
Nope!
We're looking for Ren.
Let her go, Jonas.
Nona, wait a second.
Clarissa's at Ft. Milner!
Yeah, go there.
You should come with us.
Clarissa's at Ft. Milner!
Yeah, go there.
You should come with us.
She jumped out a window.
Nope!
We're looking for Ren.
She jumped out a window.
Nope!
We're looking for Ren.
Clarissa jumped out a window!
Yeah, go there.
You should come with us.
Clarissa jumped out a window!
Yeah, go there.
You should come with us.
For you!
For all of us!
She was possessed.
We don't think she's dead...
She's lost her mind!
Maybe you'll have better luck.
Don't go after her.
Yes, it's me.
Who else would I be?
No, I'm a zombie.
She wanted to know!
She's made it this far!
Do you LIKE her?
She wanted to know!
It was the truth!
Do you LIKE her?
Eat me.
Oh give me a break.
You wanna marry her.
YOU DO, I KNEW IT.
Nope, haven't seen her.
We're looking for Ren.
Nope, haven't seen her.
We're looking for Ren.
Yeah, go there.
You should come with us.
Yeah, go there.
You should come with us.
We’re still stuck so who cares.
Yeah, it’ bizarre.
It’ because of this time thing.
I didn't think she'd leave!
She's nuts!
I wanted to help her!
That's her fault.
I'm sorry, okay?
She'll be alright.

Didn't we fix it?
Oh no.
REN!
I don't wanna say possession...
It's drugs.
RENNNN!
It's possession.
I don't know how to finish.
I don't think it's that.
He's sick or something.
It's those drugs he took.
Ren, we're here!
Are you alright?
You're a giant idiot!
What's the matter?
Is he in shock?
Snap out of your drug haze!
What's the matter?
Is he in shock?
Snap out of your drug haze!
We went to Clarissa first.
Sorry about that.
Hey, we came, alright!
C’mon, let’ go.
You’re lucky we made it.
Good to see you’re okay.
We went to Clarissa first.
Sorry about that.
Hey, we came, alright!
C’mon, let’ go.
You’re lucky we made it.
Good to see you’re okay.
Nona wanted to know!
Ren should come with us!
Oh shut up!
Not me!
Coward.
Okay, fine.
Can anyone work a radio?!
We should get to her.
Ugh. IDIOT.
Can anyone work a radio?!
We should get to her.
Ugh. IDIOT.
TRYING isn't good enough.
Fine, I take it back.
Why didn't you come to US!
I think it's locked...
Or it wasn't.
Whoops.
Serves her right.
Yeah, leave us the bad one...
Keep it in your pants.
Are you okay to go?
Good luck!
Don't do anything stupid!
I believe in you!
Milner, ho.
Were you IN Ren?
Jonas!?
What are you?
Uh, good.
Can you help us?
Can we help you?
Maggie Adler?
We don't know what you want!
Were you IN Ren?
Jonas!?
As always?
Who’ Anna?
No one understands what?
What are we “plotting?”
Don't do that!
Are you alright?
You're alive!
We screwed up...
The island's haunted.
We're just in trouble.
We screwed up...
The island's haunted.
We're just in trouble.
It was the cave.
It was the radio.
It was a mistake!
It was the cave.
It was the radio.
It was a mistake!
It was the cave.
It was the radio.
It was a mistake!
We saw this triangle...
We tried to tune the radio...
We saw this triangle...
We tried to tune the radio...
Okay it was me.
The Rapture?
No more room in Hell?
Okay it was me.
The Rapture?
No more room in Hell?
Ren, we're here!
Are you alright?
You're a giant idiot!
What's the matter?
Is he in shock?
Snap out of your drug haze!
What's the matter?
Is he in shock?
Snap out of your drug haze!
We went to Clarissa first.
Sorry about that.
Hey, we came, alright!
C’mon, let’ go.
You’re lucky we made it.
Good to see you’re okay.
What's happening?
Ren, can you hear me?
This is a little different...
Any ideas?
I'm not leaving him.
This is a little different...
Any ideas?
I'm not leaving him.
It used to.
There's nothing else to say.
Yeah, it's weird.
Trains can be dangerous.
Ughghgh.
MINERS!
Just whatever.
Damnit.
Jonas, we're stuck again.
Where's Ren?
Maybe something's wrong...
You're just slow.
I'm worried about TIME ITSELF.
He WAS just here.
The time loop screwed us.
Graduation speech?
Doesn’t have to…
Uh, sure.
Time traveling ghosts?
Leaving adolescence?
Uh, a lot’ going on…
Something wrong?
Sure, of course.
It’ fun being with you.
That’ great!
What are you thinking?
Don’t want to go?
Say it!
I’m listening, c’mon.
I hate people, too!
Say it!
I’m listening, c’mon.
I hate people, too!
And do what instead?
I don’t know…
Why?
I care what people think!
Thanks.
Why do I feel insulted...?
Go to school here.
Leave and see what happens.
That’ up to you.
What’d you wish for?
Don’t tell me or it won’t come true.
Definitely.
If you want.
What are you gonna do?
What’ this for?
I already have a Dad.
Um, okay.
I know I’m amazing.
I love you, too.
Uh, thanks.
Helping, hopefully?
It's all I can think of!
Miners.
It'd bore you.
Don't worry about it.
Miners.
It'd bore you.
Don't worry about it.
You just like WAR history.
Well, okay.
Of course!
Yes...
Uh... it depends...
I think you're smart!
Uh, you're average...
What does it matter!
I think you're smart!
Uh, you're average...
What does it matter!
I didn't say that!
Yep.
Disdain?
Superiority?
STRESS, perhaps?
Disdaaaain.
\“Disdain.\“
Dis-Dain.
To impress you, of course!
I wanted to see what would happen.
Are you still on that?
You wanted to.
Didn't want to hurt your feelings.
I'm not gonna put myself in danger!
We can come back.
I'm not leaving.
Okay!
I'm just looking around.
Okay!
I'm just looking around.
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.

No, it’ decommissioned.
What are you talking about?
They’d have more security.
What secret project?
No way!
Could be, I guess.
Whatever.
It’ not that.
It’ real.
I hope so.
Not buying it.
It’ real.
I hope so.
Not buying it.
What secret project?
No way!
Could be, I guess.
Me neither.
Why not?
Guns are great.
Ever fired a gun?
What’ this from?
Why would they play this?
GETTING?
Clarissa’ still here.
This is kinda cool, right?
What’ this from?
Who’ playing this?
I think she's in there.
I think I hate her.
Let’ keep looking.
She has a radio!
I’m an idiot, alright!
I think she's in there.
I think she's in there.
I’m an idiot, alright!
I have a hunch.
I’m tired of looking.
Maybe you’re right.
Gross.
Like, TOO, locked.
There HAS to be a way.
That’ not the spirit.
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
You didn’t tell me that!
Of course you did.
Why do you think?
You hate school!
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
4 AM.
Why? Getting tired?
Doesn’t your phone say?
Bed.
Pizza, of course.
Weird, how?
You feeling okay?
I’m tired, too.
Buck up.
Just a little more adventure.
Yes, absolutely.
It’ all we have.
I only kind of understood…
Hitler was confident, too!
They should be concerned.
Don’t worry about it.
It’ happening again…
Am I blacking out?
Uhghghg.
C’mon!
RAGE.
We should still help Ren
We should find her first.
She is so annoying.
She sounded weird.
She sounded scared.
She is so annoying.
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
What’ this from?
Why would they play this?
GETTING?
Clarissa’ still here.
What’ this from?
Who’ playing this?
You know now.
Don’t get angry.
Yeah, like I SAID.
Great.
Watch it.
We know where she is now.
Yes. Let’.
This is so nuts.
This is so cool.
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
No, even after tonight.
Well, maybe…
That stuff is all hogwash.
What’ rubbed off on you?
It’ nice to have that, now.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
I’m surprised.
[...]
Like what?
I’m surprised.
[...]
Like what?
I get that.
That breeds laziness.
Clarissa!
That won’t help.
What about the secret project?
Oh, NOW forget it?
Clarissa!
That won’t help.
That sign's old.
Nobody cares.
Kids do this all the time.
Not personally...
I’ve HEARD nobody cares.
Uh… wait, what?
We’re we just over there?
Ren’ in trouble.
Oh, whoops.
Can’t we all do it together?
I’m worried about them.
Oh, whoops.
Can’t we all do it together?
I think they want you to play.
Why does this matter?
Why are they doing this?
I think it wants you to answer…
Is this Clarissa?
This is a joke, right?
Just answer!
Just say anything!
You don’t have to do this.
Sure.
Wait. Seriously?
Yes, even those.
I guess...
I wanna look around more.
Jonas!
Oh no, c’mon.
What?
Are you okay now?
It’ getting worse.
What does that feel like?
Are you okay now?
It’ getting worse.
What does that feel like?
Weird.
But do you see stuff?
Weird.
But do you see stuff?
What is it?!
It’ okay, say it.
Awwww.
I’m glad, too.
Of course you are.
Awwww.
I’m glad, too.
Of course you are.
And we’re gonna be fine.
Yeah, let’ finish this.

Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
No, even after tonight.
Well, maybe…
That stuff is all hogwash.
What’ rubbed off on you?
It’ nice to have that, now.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
I’m surprised.
[...]
Like what?
I’m surprised.
[...]
Like what?
I get that.
That breeds laziness.
JONAS!
Lemme in!
Are you okay in there?
Another loop…
Not this again.
Ugh.
Can’t go back now...
I hope so, too...
Are you and your dad okay?
I hope so, too...
What do you have against my mom?
No, this is serious.
Fine, dropping it.
I get it.
How long has it been?
You gotta move on.
I AM over Michael.
It’ hard, I know.
No!
What sort of thing?
You’d have to ask him.
No!
What sort of thing?
You’d have to ask him.
It’ kinda hard not to.
Alright then.
It was his business.
Not for long!
Annoyingly, yes.
It was his business.
Not for long!
Annoyingly, yes.
She’ popular and “hot.”
She’ kind of wild.
Don’t know, don’t care.
She’ popular and “hot.”
She’ kind of wild.
Don’t know, don’t care.
What type do you “go for?”
Are YOU into her?
It really wasn’t a big deal.
Carmen Sandiego?
Guys are animals, that’ why.
Sorry, sorry!
You can tell me…
Alright, I believe you.
Ugh.
Can’t go back now...
Knew that would happen…
Glad you’re having fun…
Let’ just do this.
I’d like to report a poltergeist.
Okay, Mr. No Fun.
Yeah, he’ right, actually.
How can you not know?
It’ okay, Nona.
Uh, do you notice Jonas?
Nevermind.
Nona might not be dead.
The Time Loop’ screwing with things.
I’m sorry.
I KNOW it’ Ren!
No, we have to focus.
It’ not stupid.
He’d be flattered.
We can still solve this.
He knew.
He hoped.
It doesn’t matter.
Hold on, I'll check.
The door isn't unlocked?
Just ram it!
That doesn’t exist!
Why’d you run in there?!
Just come out!
Oh, come on!
Jonas!
Wait, what station!
You were possessed.
Remember Ren and Nona?
So that was horrible.
You were possessed.
Remember Ren and Nona?
So that was horrible.
Yeah, maybe.
Most likely.
It seemed pretty real.
Nothing.
I don’t know.
I may have changed the past.
Nothing.
I don’t know.
I may have changed the past.
I went back in time!
Just forget about it.
I went back in time!
Just forget about it.
Easy.
Uh, sure.
Easy.
Uh, sure.
Let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Don’t let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Do what you feel is best.
His Mom’ dead!
What is this?
How is this possible?
Um, hello?
Jonas...?
My reflection talked to me, earlier...
What happened?
Don’t bug out on me.
It seems alright now…
Don’t do anything dumb now.
Okay.
YEAH, SURE.
You know it isn’t.
I wonder why…
Fools.
Yeah, whatever.
Are YOU okay?
NO. I’M NOT.
We’re awesome!
Meet you there.
They’re both alive!
How are they doing that?
Can they put a fork in it?
Talk box?
Uh huh.
You were supposed to be Woods.
What’ wrong with Ren?
We’re in a Time Loop.
Clarissa was “dead,” too.
How?!
Oh my God.
What, it’ the truth!
I’m sorry.
Jonas!
Wait for me!
Clarissa, wait!
Don’t leave me here, Jonas!
Wheelbarrow.
Maybe it’ better if you stay in there.
Hold on, I’ll check.
The door opened a minute ago!
Just ram it.
You were being sarcastic.
Yeah, now that you need my help.
Don’t get snippy.
Okay, I’ll look.
Don’t get snippy.
Okay, I’ll look.
We saw that already!
The door opened a minute ago!
Just ram it.
We saw that already!
The door opened a minute ago!
Just ram it.
Hold on, I’ll check.
The door opened a minute ago!
Just ram it.
Hold on, I’ll check.
The door opened a minute ago!
Just ram it.
I can hear you!
The door opened a minute ago!
It was locked, remember?
Yeah, probably.
I saw Nona drowning.
Nona, are you okay?
Uh, nevermind.
I saw Nona drowning.
Nona, are you okay?
Uh, nevermind.
Oh yeah, my mistake.
Are you guys alright?
Uh, nevermind.
Oh yeah, my mistake.
Are you guys alright?
Uh, nevermind.
It was REAL, Jonas.
Okay, I guess they’re fine.
Just be careful.
No! They’re in danger!
I don’t think that was her.
Maybe?
What’ she thinking?
What?
Uhhhh..
I don’t know.
We won’t find that here.
Or the code.
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
You didn’t tell me that!
Of course you did.
Why do you think?
You hate school!
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
Shut up.
You’re not Jonas.
Fix Ren!
Yeah, right.
Whatever.
I don’t care.
We’re getting out of here.
How do you know.
I’m done talking to you.
Get out of Jonas!
This isn’t over.
Yeppp.
A dead end.
Where is Clarissa?
I’m back!
I… never left!
Sorry!
What are you talking about?
Who’ brother?
I barely did anything!
That was real?
What does that matter!
It’ a one way lock?
Uhhh, a bunch of strange stuff.
Are you okay?
What luck.
Good job.
One-way sound proofing?
Radio locks?
Yeah, it’ strange.
It’ for show.
Let’ just find Clarissa.

She's alive!
She's alive?
She's... uhh...?
Ghosts?
Time loop?
Hallucination?
YES, OF COURSE
We'll see...
You think she's a zombie?
Well she's not dead!
Fort Milner.
US Army Radio Communications School.
School for Armed Services.
Yeah, you're being mean!
Uh, no?
Don't hurt Jonas!
Yeah, sure!
No, not at all!
Why do you care?!
Portals?
Ways to communicate?
Tears in... something?
And what if it opens?
Gates. Good enough.
We don't know anything.
That was last time.
It could help us?
Maybe they do different things.
In a building?
No!
Why!
Clarissa!
He's my best friend!
We came here too!
This is the thanks I get!
Huh?
She's cracking up?
A joke...?
CLARISSA!
I hope she's okay!
I tried to get it right!
You are a good guy.
I know.
I hope that's enough.
Say, \“I'm a good guy.\“
YOU ARE.
Just don't attack me.
Not now!
Jonas, we're in a time thing!
You already said that.
Something just happened...
Uh oh.
Fart.
Ugh, fingers crossed.
Kids?
THE EVIL.
No idea...
Something just fell
THE EVIL.
I don't know!
LITERALLY.
Metaphorically.
Yeesh.
Why'd she tell you?
It wasn't your fault.
I'm so sorry.
But why?
Jesus.
I don't understand.
You lost control, it happens.
What happened to Tim?
Cookies.
Codes.
Ciphers.
No one would want this!
I'm sorry for you!
You're enjoying it!
Ummm, no?
Why would I?
Is this like, a trick?
Screw you!
Whatever.
Ugh, I’m gonna be sick.
This isn’t fair!
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
Ehhh, maybe.
No, user error.
Clarissa, come back!
What is she thinking?
She might be in trouble...
Ren could barely move.
Nah, she's just bugging out.
It's obvious, yeah.
Clarissa, come back!
What is she thinking?
She might be in trouble...
Safe to be around...
Are you alright?
I’m… not sure.
What is this?
From... the past?
The Navy...?
What's it doing?
Can you believe this?!
The Navy...?
This isn't Hangman!
Why are we being tested?
Oh, thanks.
Neither have I!
I bet I can do it.
Eighty five.
Twelve.
Fifty three.
Eighty five.
Twelve.
Fifty three.
Jonas?
What are you talking about?
Leave Jonas out of it!
You sounded… distressed.
You sounded off.
I guess you're okay.
Are you the dead officers?
Why are you here?
What’ the big idea testing me!
I don't wanna enlist!
Enlist in what?
What do you want?
What are you?
Are you alright?
Coulda used your help back there!
Just take it easy.
Notice the GHOSTS.
All the locked doors!
How'd you even get here?
Crud.
Uh… Alex, can you hear me?
Hey, Jonas, get help!
Clarissa, are you out there?
Not now!
Jonas, we’re in a time thing!
What is going on?
What is all this stuff?
Uh oh.
Don't blame me!
I'm sorry!
Haha.
C'mon!
Whyyyy!
No.
Are you joking.
Go in the corner!
No.
I cannot believe you.
This is great.
Please don't.
Ugh!
Pee quieter!
Finish peeing first!
You beat up a guy, Jonas..
I know that.
I don’t understand.
You lost control, it happens.
What happened to Joe?
But why?
Jesus.
Yeesh.
Why’d she tell you?
You don’t have to tell me this.
It wasn’t your fault.
I’m so sorry.
Yes, of course.
Welllll....
No, of course not.
I'm gonna need it.
If you want.
You don't have to.
I'm gonna kill her for this.
Let's just leave.
Something must be really wrong.
What is...?
This is what we're dealing with.
Oh God, not again.
It looks like it’ working now...
Yeah, where’ Clarissa?
Huh… strange…
The army.
Kids, still.
Museum plans.
Oh thank God!
What are you doing?
Are you.. okay?
Clarissa!
Wake up!
What's she doing...?
She was like, possessed!
I can't believe this!
She killed herself!
Them!? What about her mom!?
I'm worried about what they're doing!
We helped Ren first.
We came straight here!
Are you... okay?
I keep my word.
Don't even start.
Are you alright?
We're here now.
Don't even start.
Are you... alright?
Ren told us.
Are you... alright?
Heard you on the radio.
Are you... alright?
Better gone than dead.
Clarissa?
It's not gonna work.
It only broadcasts here.
A hunch.
I just know.
We're in a loop.
Holy crap.
Okay...
We keep looping.
Brace yourself.
Clarissa might be dead...
It's fine, ignore me.
I'm not crazy!
Nevermind, ignore me.
I'm not crazy!

I need you, Jonas!
C'mon, get up!
We're in a time shift thing!
Stop doing that!
Nona was one thing...
Where is he!
Bring him back!
If we help you…
What is it?
What happened to Anna?
The sub did this?
You're not ghosts?
You're stuck in time?
Ren!
Please stop!
I don't think so...
Let's just look.
The ghosts are taking over.
It was a time loop thing.
Are you guys alright?
The ghosts are taking over.
It was a time loop thing.
Are you guys alright?
They want to live again.
They're stuck out of time?
They're evil bastards.
They want to live again.
They're stuck out of time?
They're evil bastards.
She was a friend of Maggie?
Nevermind.
She died because of the ghosts?
Hopefully, this will work...
Training?!
Why are you doing this!?
Let my friends go!
Tell me anyway!
I don't care about your reason.
Training!?
What are you talking about?
I don't want this!
I said MAYBE!
How was I supposed to know!?
I'm sorry, alright?
I take it back!
How was I supposed to know!?
I'm sorry, alright?
I wish I hadn't!
How was I supposed to know!?
I'm sorry, alright?
I don't want to play this!
Why all the games?
And what if I don't?
Just where is this other Alex?
One in an infinite shot?
What “strain?”
I’ve done this before?
Why are you doing this?
Let my friends go!
It's Nona's birthday.
How are you feeling?
Think we'll make it out of here?
How's the Nona stuff going?
How are you feeling?
Think we'll make it out of here?
Don't be a predator!
Just be nice!
Be yourself.
Be interested.
Be interesting.
Don't jinx us!
Yeah, you're right.
I'm sorry, okay!
Let it go, man.
You were being a goober.
That could've gone better...
So I’m screwed.
The ghosts?
Submarine stuff?
Something about radios...
Great.
Let’ get out of here.
I got the keys.
Jonas found them.
Infinite time, finite matter.
We keep doing the same stuff?
Nevermind.
Yes, exactly
Or we could just leave...
We have to fix the problem.
Yes, exactly
Or we could just leave...
We have to fix the problem.
I'm kidding!
The boat's right there!
Okay, fine.
I'm kidding!
The boat's right there!
Okay, fine.
Maggie might have had a way.
No clue.
Use the radio in the cave?
Well what's your idea then?
It's all I can think of!
It's EPIPHANY.
Doesn't matter, moving on.
Brilliant.
But the shelter's locked, right?
That doesn't help!
Brilliant.
But the shelter's locked, right?
That doesn't help!
Brilliant!
That equipment will work?
Okay, any OTHER ideas?
Brilliant!
That equipment will work?
Okay, any OTHER ideas?
Alright, then.
Wait, what are we doing?
Let's think this through...
I've been with Jonas all night...
Wait, what are we doing?
Let's think this through...
I've been with Jonas all night...
We won't know how to work it.
Where are these stations?
Don't we need codes?
Yeah, we're okay.
I've just seen your face so much!
I don't care.
We got Fort Milner.
We got the Woods.
I don't care.
We got Fort Milner.
We got the Woods.
We won't!
Same here!
Now I'll be sure to tell you!
Don't say it if you don't mean it!
That's nice, Jonas.
Now Ren, say you're sorry.
Give us a clue!
So annoying.
You need help.
Michael wasn't my fault.
I don't care what you think.
Therapy.
Medical.
Exorcism.
Maggie Adler?
She had it solved?
How's it going?
Wanna maybe help look?
Thought about Ren?
How's it going?
Wanna maybe help look?
Ren means well!
I understand.
We all feel bad, c’mon.
Why?
Are you interested now?
Sure thing.
Better than ever!
As crappy as everyone else.
Think Ren hates me?
Better than ever!
As crappy as everyone else.
Are we okay?
No.
Well, maybe a little.
Don't call her that.
She was up to something.
It's pretty cool, actually.
Ren, c'mon man!
Are you alright?
Are you asleep?
How'd she get so rich?
There's the boat.
There's something up with her.
How'd she get so rich?
There's the boat.
There's something up with her.
WE could figure it out!
Yeah, I guess.
Well...
Yep.
Well...
Yep.
We need to tune into the cave.
She knew something!
She's involved.
We need to tune into the cave.
She knew something!
She's involved.
Okay, who are you?
What does it matter!?
How do we get in, then?
She's right.
There has to be another way.
How do we get in, then?
How do you know?
There has to be another way.
How do we get in, then?
She's right.
There has to be another way.
How do we get in, then?
How do you know?
There has to be another way.
Wanna come up?
Attics are spooky.
For fun?
Part of the relay?
An amateur astronomer?
That's astrology!
Yeah, sure.
Oh, what’ the point.
Wanna see if it’ll start?
Okay
Very funny!
Bring them back!
Where are they going?
Where is he?
Bring him back!
No!
You can't do that!
What happens to them?
There has to be another way!
Don't do this!
You had your time!
That's no excuse.
What you're doing is wrong.
I don't care!
Jonas!
Don't do anything to him!
I wanna explore.
Adler's secret notes.
Okay.
Yep. Giving up.
No, I just want to walk around.
Maggie's secret notes.
I'm sorry, Jonas.
Maybe not!
Maybe it's in the house.
Does anyone know how to drive it?
A phone inside?
Keep your eye on Clarissa.
I'm not going with Clarissa.
Fine.
Oh.
Guess I'm still stuck...
I'm not talking to you.
Why don't you help, then?
My guess is paranoid.
Probably tidy.
Nope, no dream.
I wish it was.
I'm sorry, I tried!
It was harder than it looked.
You're fine, stop whining.
I'm sorry, I tried!
It was harder than it looked.
You're fine, stop whining.
I'm sorry, I tried!
It was harder than it looked.
You're fine, stop whining.
How'd you get in here?
Where have you been?
Everyone, keep your distance...
I don't believe you.
Sure.
How'd you get past the gate?
Okay, whatever.
You're a psycho.
You could be a ghost!
Something's wrong with you.
Jonas, back me up!
Give me a break!
Whatever, I don't care.
Ren, back me up!
Give me a break!
Whatever, I don't care.
Nona, back me up!
Give me a break!
Whatever, I don't care.
That doesn't matter!
We don't know the rules!
Okay, fine.
It was more than yelling.
Fine, I don't care.
Nona, get up!
Are you okay?
Can you hear me?
Where are you?
What's going on?!
I'm not listening to you!
Where is she!?
Bring her back!
What does this have to do with us?
What are you talking about?
Nona!
Stop it!
It’ sweet.
Give it a minute!
Brilliant.
But the shelter's locked, right?
That doesn't help!
Brilliant.
But the shelter's locked, right?
That doesn't help!
Brilliant!
That equipment will work?
Okay, any OTHER ideas?
Brilliant!
That equipment will work?
Okay, any OTHER ideas?
Alright, then.
Wait, what are we doing?
Let's think this through...
I've been with Jonas all night...
Wait, what are we doing?
Let's think this through...
I've been with Jonas all night...
We won't know how to work it.
Don't we need codes?
Well I'm sorry!
I've just seen your face so much!
I don't care.
We got Fort Milner.
We got the Woods.
I don't care.
We got Fort Milner.
We got the Woods.
We won't!
Same here!
Now I'll be sure to tell you!
Maybe we have to.
Maybe she was wrong.
How would she even know this?
Yeah, strange…
Did she ever come here?
The ghosts are screwing with you.
Maybe we have to.
Maybe she was wrong.
How would she even know this?
Brilliant!
That equipment will work?
Wait, we time jumped!

Uh, it’ been fine.
I don’t know.
I’ve missed you.
I don’t have any.
Okay…
Can’t I come with?
Are you Past Clarissa?
Are you pretending?
Do you remember anything?
No, Past and Future.
Forget it.
Our island horror show!
Forget it.
Yeah, I understand.
No, he’ my brother, it’ different.
It doesn’t matter.
I love him, too.
Thanks for telling me.
I know already.
Thank God you’re back.
Clarissa and I had a nice chat.
So, you love me, huh?
See?
Thank you.
We talked ex-girlfriends.
No, it was fine.
And no helmet…
Oh yeah! Thanks!
No thanks.
A drink, too.
I’ve missed you alot.
Things are bad.
I’m doing alright.
No, I can’t.
Yeah… sure.
It’ not gonna blow over!
Yeah… sure.
Yeah.
I guess.
No problem.
Don’t let it happen again.
What do you see in her?
I don’t get it.
Sounds horrible!
Dump her.
Stick with it.
Do what you want.
She’ mean.
You can do better.
I just don’t like her.
No way.
I need it more than you.
Wait, what?
That’ impossible.
What did she hear?
It worked! Kind of!
I was trying to escape this place!
So I can send messages back?
It’ not a prank!
Whatever, yeah, sure.

MICHAEL?!
Am I stuck in time?
Are you a ghost!
MICHAEL?!
Am I stuck in time?
Are you a ghost!
You’re dead!
Why am I here?!
Where’ Jonas!
You’re dead!
Why am I here?!
Where’ Jonas!
My new stepbrother!
A friend!
Nevermind.
My new stepbrother!
A friend!
Nevermind.
No, REALLY dead!
You drowned!
You WILL drown!
No, REALLY dead!
You drowned!
You WILL drown!
No, you're really dead!
You drowned!
You WILL drown!
No, you're REALLY dead!
You drowned!
You WILL drown!
No, in this time period!
No, with you!
No, why are you here?
No, in this time period!
No, with you!
No, why are you here?
This is insane.
Uh… yeah, the perfect day.
Clarissa, don’t you remember?!
This is insane.
Uh… yeah, the perfect day.
Clarissa, don’t you remember?!
You're dead!
Why am I here?!
You're dead!
Where's Jonas?
Why am I here?
Where's Jonas?
No, in this time period!
No, with you!
No, why are you here?
No, in this time period!
No, with you!
No, why are you here?

What’ going on?
A baseball game?
Is this still her?
Jonas!
Don’t!
Jonas, I need you!
Where did you go!
Oh no.
I don’t know!
Just trying to help!
What’ getting worse?
Yeah…
Great.
Well, at least it worked…
This isn’t a good idea.
Sorry, my mistake.
Industry.
Uh oh, I don’t remember this.
Another Time Loop? Now?
Let’ shove it.
Oh, man.
Let’ shove it.
Oh, man.
Don’t talk like that.
We’re ALL getting out of here.
If that’ how you feel.
Don’t talk like that.
We’re ALL getting out of here.
If that’ how you feel.
Oh shut up and help me.
Alright, fine!
I’m not gonna leave you!
Yeah, I think.
Who knows.
It’ probably a trick!
We shouldn’t waste time…
Let’ figure out the song thing.
It’ probably a trick!
We shouldn’t waste time…
Let’ figure out the song thing.
It’ NOT your Mom.
Okay…
We can talk to another reality.
We can warn another version of ourselves.
I don’t even know, really…
Yeah, you’re right.
Maybe we can still help.
It’ still something!
Alex, don’t go into the cave!
Alex, don’t use the radio!
Alex, don’t come to the island!
Help us, we’re on the island!
Anybody out there?
Yeah, forget it.
It would’ve worked.
Maybe not…
Too late now, anyway.
Great…
I hope that worked…
You’ll be fine.
We’ve just gotta do this.
Hang in there, Jonas.
Not in the mood.
Is this a joke?
No idea.
[Polite laughter]
Oh brother.
Seriously?
This isn’t a normal lock.
Okay…
Stop before you hurt yourself.
Do you know what you’re doing?
Be careful.
No, let’ go.
Alright.
This doesn’t feel right.
We should go.
I can kinda hear it…
I don’t think it’ her.
It’ possible?
Too dangerous.
We should leave.
Sure.
Too dangerous.
We should leave.
Sure.

Let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Don’t let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Do what you feel is best.
He should break up with Clarissa.
He should stay with Clarissa.
Don’t tell him what to do.
Michael should go to school.
Michael should go out on his own.
Don’t influence Michael.

Who cares now.
So this is the new normal?
I’m still a little confused…
Why that?
No, we changed.
Are you kidding? Ghosts are real!
No way.
Who cares about Prom?!
If I find a date.
Oh, no thanks.
Uh, sure.
Sounds great.
You don’t have to take me.
Uh, sure.
Sounds great.
No!
Yeah, let’ do it.
You guys go ahead.
We have to tell everyone!
Let's keep it our thing.
We'd sound insane...
I was desperate!
Yeah, sorry about that...
You would've traded me!
Michael?!
This is still the past?
Did we win?
But how is Michael here?
We’re gonna be okay?
Michael should be DEAD, everybody!
That was Jonas and I!
Did I change the past…
Is this all a trick?
Michael drowned!
You’ve been here all night?
Am I losing it?
Michael drowned!
You’ve been here all night?
Am I losing it?
That was Jonas and I!
Did I change the past…
Is this all a trick?
I don’t know...
If I did, it was worth it.
I’m too tired to care.
Jonas is my step brother!
Ren brought Jonas?
Jonas, don’t you remember?
Jonas, c’mon, remember this!
Just… forget it.
I can’t believe this.
Yeah… we’ll hang out.
He’ more than a cool guy!
Yeah, he’… cool.
That’ not the point!
My step-brother!
My partner through everything!
I don’t even know.
He was my step-brother!
He forgot everything!
Just… forget it.
Michael?!
This is still the past?
Is Clarissa...?
Your ex-girlfriend!
She came with us!
Oh God, I killed her!
Your girlfriend!
She came with us!
Oh God, I killed her!
But how is Michael here?
But where's Clarissa?
Michael should be DEAD, everybody!
Goodbye, island.
Good riddance.
Who cares now.
So that’ it, we’re moving on?
I’m still a little confused…
I guess not.
No, we changed.
Are you kidding? Ghosts are real!
No way.
Maybe…
If I find a date.
Oh, no thanks.
Uh, sure.
Sounds great.
No!
Yeah, let’ do it.
You guys go ahead.
We have to tell everyone!
Let's just keep it our thing.
We'd sound insane.
I was desperate!
Yeah, sorry about that...
You would've traded me!
Are we dead?
Is everyone… alright?
Did we win?
I saw Michael again.
We’re gonna be okay?
Jonas, what happened to you?
I saw Michael again.
We’re gonna be okay?
We did it!
I just talked to him.
I was back in the past.
I thought I could change things...
Were they dreams?
You were back in time.
What happened?
It doesn’t matter.
It sucked.
It was good to see him.
Michael, but it was real.
I guess Michael…
What was yours?
I don’t think it’ a “visit.”
It’ random chance.
Maybe it’ what matters to us?
I don’t think it’ a “visit.”
It’ random chance.
Maybe it’ what matters to us?
Are we dead?
Is everyone… alright?
Is Clarissa...?
I saw Michael again.
But, Clarissa
Jonas, what happened to you?
I saw Michael again.
But, Clarissa
We did it!
Are you crazy?
She came with us!
Oh God, I killed her!
Michael, but it was real.
Clarissa was real!
What was yours?
But... Clarissa...
It’ random chance.
Maybe it’ what matters to us?
Huh?
Didn’t you say this already?
Shut up and smile.
Oh no...
Didn’t you say this already?
Shut up and smile.
Huh?
Didn’t you say this already?
Shut up and smile.
Goodbye, island.
Good riddance.
Graduation speech?
Doesn’t have to…
Uh, sure.
Time traveling ghosts?
Leaving adolescence?
Uh, a lot’ going on…
Something wrong?
Sure, of course.
It’ fun being with you.
That’ great!
What are you thinking?
Don’t want to go?
Say it!
I’m listening, c’mon.
I hate people, too!
Say it!
I’m listening, c’mon.
I hate people, too!
And do what instead?
I don’t know…
Why?
I care what people think!
Thanks.
Why do I feel insulted...?
Go to school here.
Leave and see what happens.
That’ up to you.
What’d you wish for?
Don’t tell me or it won’t come true.
Definitely.
If you want.
What are you gonna do?
What’ this for?
I already have a Dad.
Um, okay.
I know I’m amazing.
I love you, too.
Uh, thanks.
What?!!
Sounds exciting!
You’d leave me here?
You should do it.
Don’t go.
It doesn’t matter…
I’m home?
Are you… back?
I’m back in time?

It will be the last time.
No promises!
It wasn’t my fault, really!
Sorry.
How’ she taking it?
Give her another shot.
What does that mean?
Wow, big step!
Maybe think about it?
What history project?
Ugh, you try too hard.
Why leave?
I’d miss you.
But everyone loves you!
Gimme a break!
You are great, though.
Don’t put pressure on yourself.
It was hard?
It was easy?
No idea.
How profound!
I coulda told you that!
Interesting…
Shut up!
Stop it.
Yeah, whatever.

Sounds like me…
Not a chance.
What the Hell is this?
What does it mean?
I never said that!
I really didn’t do this!
No, we can still go!
Step-sister.
Just a girl.
A roommate?
We shouldn’t miss the ferry...
Nobody else has an ID?
Lawnmower thing?
Ew.
Forget I asked.
Oh, poor Captain Nibbles!
Фраза
Bridge Stand
cigarette
phone
note
Jonas
Ren
Weird Chair
Towhee Woods
brownie
rock
Go to Epiphany Fields
Adler Letter
103.5\nAnomaly
Plaque
Go to Bridge Stand
Roosting Tree
Epiphany Field
Circuit Breaker
Nona
Go to Towhee Grove
99.9\nAnomaly
Engine
101.1\nAnomaly
Door
Campground
Chair
Smallest Cemetery
TAPE PLAYER
Main Switch
Controls
Pick Up
Enter
Television
Exit
SEND THE CALL
Go to Campground
NONA
Tape Player
He should break up with Clarissa.
He should stay with Clarissa.
Don't tell him what to do.
Use Tape Player
Campgrounds
Graffiti
97.9\nAnomaly
Go to Bridge
91.5\nAnomaly
Campfire
Relay Point
Ball
Bench
Go to Relay Point
RADIO
Tent
Kick Ball
Ghost
Go to Outpost
106.7\nAnomaly
Go to Campgrounds
Broken Phone
Wishing Well
Outpost
Dead Gate
Clarissa
Milner Outpost
Firing Range
Go to US Army RCS
entrance-fromb
Facilities
Broken Window
104.7\nAnomaly
Sign
Signs
Fence
Flickering Light
Go to Facilities
Let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Do what you feel is best.
US Army RCS
Beds
Send Response
Response Station
89.9 \nAnomaly
Codes
Broadcasting Office
Station Door
Advertisement
Light Switch
Station Radio
Padlocked Door
Poster
Photo
Vines
Blocked Barrack
Window
Radio
Old Equipment
Intercom
94.3\nAnomaly
Book
Handprints
Globe
Note
Mural
Maps
Open Door
Projector
Michael should go to school.
Michael should go out on his own.
Reel
Desk
Next Slides
Mailbox
Portrait
Diagram
Go to Beacon Beach
Bookshelf
Enter House
Enter Basement
Phone
Knot
Painting
Go Upstairs
Pull String
Boat
Go Downstairs
Typewriter
Chest
Discovery Cliff
STAND
Beacon Beach
SIT
Throw Rock
Pick Up Rock
Discovery Cliffs
Schist Cliffs
Discovery Field
Main Street
Enter Cave
BEDS
LAMP
Blast Door
Go to Epiphany Field
Shove
Sit Down
Stand Up
You and 40% of players got Ren and Nona together
You and {0}% of players kept Ren and Nona from dating.
You and {0}% of players brought Ren and Nona together.
You and {0}% of players made up with Clarissa.
You and {0}% of players made Clarissa hate you.
You and {0}% of players made up with Clarissa, and preserved her relationship with Michael.
You and {0}% of players made Clarissa hate you, but preserved her relationship with Michael.
You and {0}% of players sacrificed Clarissa.
You and {0}% of players let Michael rest in peace.
You and {0}% of players brought Michael back and stopped his relationship with Clarissa.
You and {0}% of players brought Michael back and saved his relationship with Clarissa.
You and {0}% of players bonded with your new step brother, Jonas.
You and {0}% of players did not bond with Jonas.
You and {0}% of players bonded with your new friend, Jonas.
You and {0}% of players kept your new step brother, Jonas, at a distance.
Alex
Erin Yvette
Jose the Plant
SCNTFC
marketing
Wim Bien\nRuel Pascual
a videogame by
Tour Guide
Gavin Hammon
Kylie Moses\nAlex Smith
Daniel Segarra
ES Audio
powered by
Bryant Cannon\nHeather Gross\nAdam Hines\nKylie Moses\nKevin Riach\nSean Krankel\nAaron Kuban\nAndy Rohrmann
fortyseven communications
modelling
Sean Krankel
Carly
business manager
Night School Studio
Britanni Johnson
Lollipop Robot
Denae Wilkowski
Maggie Adler
Lights?
music and sound effects
Avital Ash
Aaron Kuban
Ghost Alex - Woods
Adam Hines\nSean Krankel
Siddarth John
recording services
Michael
Ghost Alex - Adler
story
Heather Gross
QA Lead
Lucia Botta\nNick Evans\nTeresa Tyndorf\nLaura Weir
Adam Hines
animation support
Joe Zieja
Cameron Horst
Ryan Stevens
animation
Felix Kramer\nRyan Stevens
Quality Assurance by
Bryant Cannon
design
Ghost Alex - Milner
Starring
environment and concept art
intern
programming
Tom Stilwell\r\nBrandon Gabriel\r\nDan Stilwell\r\nKelly Johnson\r\nEvan Richardson\r\nMike McCormick\r\nMark Dilbeck\r\nAndrew Crowell\r\nChris Rising\r\nBryson Reaume\r\nBoris Belijak\nMidnight Oil
Ruel Pascual
Anthony Lam
In memory of
Bob Smiland
Kevin Riach\nSpencer Stuard
bawse man
Wim Bien\nAnimator X
Production Babies
special thanks
Ghosts
additional art
Additional PR
James Meddock\nCameron Riach\nClay Therrien
Design
screenplay
Additional QA
Alex Chavez
rigging\n
additional sound design
music and sound
Jason Gallaty
Additional Cast
Sean Krankel\nAdam Hines
additional animation
NIGHT TOOLS
Bryant Cannon\nHeather Gross\nAdam Hines\nSean Krankel
Take Picture
Harden Tower
Towhee Grove
Adler Estate
postcredits
GuQ
STARRING\nERIN YVETTE as Alex\nGAVIN HAMMON as Jonas\nAVITAL ASH as Clarissa\nBRITANNI JOHNSON as Nona\nAARON KUBAN as Ren
Water Fountain
MUSIC by SCNTFC
Distant Town
Pose for Picture
Take Cigarette
Old Wheel
Bridge
Go to Cliffs
Ferry Sign
Stop
Shop
Shove Door
Climb
Push
Statue
Store
Box
Off Road
Parks Office
Climb Fence
Cabinet
Car
Cigarette
Try Door
Go to Town
Photo Bomb
Command Annex
Go to Beach
Look At Shore
100.3\nAnomaly
Jump
Go to Adler's Estate
Look At Water
Stand
Slap Ren
Sit
Stoke Fire
Get Slapped
Grab Drink
Look At Cave
Look At Fire
Gate
Leave Clarissa
Debris
Enter Bomb Shelter
Armoire
Open Armoire
Cave Walls
Light House
Hug
105.1\nAnomaly
Go to Fort Milner
102.3\nAnomaly
PostBeach3AM
View
Bomb Shelter
Go to Comm Tower
Go to Adler Estate
Communications \nOffice
Radio Wave\nAnomaly
Numbers\nAnomaly
Electric Fence
Generator
Machinery

# ТЕПЕРЬ С ЗАМЕНЕННЫМИ -- на ...
Фраза
Jesus, that house is huge. That lady really knew how to live.
It’s like the, uh, Chateau… de… Adler.
Yeah, uh, cool.
But yeah, isn’t this house insane?
It’s ridiculous.
I could fit my entire house *in* it.
How did she get so rich if she was just like a... communications person or whatever in the military?
I think I said when we got here, her family like owned part of the island or something...
I think she just inherited a lot, honestly.
She does have a boat.
Yeah, see? Allie knew what she was talking about.
She *should*, anyway, she had to schlep back and forth here all summer.
There is *something* up with her.
She has this *giant* house, she’s burying like *secret messages* all over the place, I mean this is crazy.
Yeah, and we can leave it to Scrappy Doo or whoever to figure it out.
What's a “Scrappy Doo?“
Yeah, but *we* could figure it out! Aren’t you the least bit curious?
There’s not gonna be a sunken pirate ship at the end of this, Alex, it’s just a wrecked submarine.
Yeah, and if you’re really so anxious you can come back on your own time. I just want to get home.
I… guess.
Yes, but we got the point and I agree, let’s just get out of here.
Oh… oh, it’s like a... it’s a boat that needs keys, there are no oars.
And before we go crazy it’s not... it wasn’t with Maggie’s stuff back at the office, like with the radio.
No, we checked everything.
Okay, well, I mean, if the boat plan doesn’t work, there’s still a big house like right there and it probably has a phone.
We can just call somebody to pick us up.
How would we know? You’re the one that went.
No, we looked through all of her stuff, I think.
Huh… well, uh...
What’s Plan B if we can’t find it?
Plan B was four hours ago, I think we’re like on Plan F.
The keys, they... They have to be in the house. For the movers or her family, you know?
Let’s say we find the keys… does anyone even know how to drive this thing, anyway?
Yeah, you just pull the thing and steer the… doohickey.
Oh, I am *very* impressed.
She has to have keys somewhere. Maybe they’re inside.
That’s as good a guess as any.
Finally.
Clarissa, Jesus.
Oh my God, you scared me.
I thought you were, like, Maggie Adler’s dead body or something.
How would that make sense?
I don’t know, I’m in like a... a heightened state right now.
How’d you get in here? The door was locked. Do you have, like, a radio?
No, I don’t have a radio. The kitchen window was open.
Kitchen window?
Where?
In the back. In the kitchen.
I don’t believe you. These windows don’t even... they don’t work like that.
How would you know, you’ve never been here!
Okay. Sure.
Clarissa, *where* have you been? After we saw you in town, you just...
Hey, I could ask you the same thing! It was like I sneezed and you were gone.
I ended up in the fields and just decided to come here and, like, wait it out.
I haven’t seen anybody since.
So… I thought I’d camp it up.
And then how’d you get past the gate? It’s like a slab of wrought iron, it looked impossible to climb.
Well, apparently it’s not *that* “impossible” since, you know, I’m here.
Not when my life’s in peril, Christ.
Okay, wh... you’re here, whatever.
Everyone, just… keep your distance.
What?
Why? It’s *Clarissa.*
Yes, dear.
Why.
I’m as harmless as a junebug.
“Why?” Cause you’re an absolute psycho, *that’s* why!
She up and launched into a full on *attack* on me back in town, you should’ve seen the pyrotechnics.
Oh *please*. Look... some *things* were said.
It wasn’t even worth a diary entry.
This is all Alex’s usual much ado about nothing.
Jonas, c’mon, you were there, back me up here!
Yeah, she... kind of lost it, to, uh, to tell you the truth.
“Lost it?!” What are you... you have *no* idea what you’re talking about, boy, you haven’t *seen* me “lose it,” not even close.
Oh, give me a break! “Some *things* were said?”
She brought up... she was bringing up *horrible* stuff for... for *no* reason.
Fine, whatever, I don’t care, just... whatever.
Cause you could be a *ghost* right now, that’s why!
Christ, I think you’ve been *possessed* more than you’ve been *you* at this point!
Well, wait... wait a minute, don’t we, like, get red eyes or something when we get possessed…?
Yeah…
Yes, we do, we get *red eyes*, thank you, Reginald.
That hardly matters! M... maybe it’s a... a trick, maybe she’s *working with them*, who knows!
“Working with them?!” Will you *listen* to this girl! A heat stroke makes more sense!
We don’t exactly know the *rules*, guys, something... something could have changed, might’ve switched, or...
Rules? What are you... this isn’t *soccer*, I’m not on the *orange* team. *Nobody’s* possessed right now!
Maybe. I guess. I guess it’s fine.
Oh, I appreciate your ringing endorsement.
Something’s... something’s wrong with you. I don’t know what, but... but I dunno, it’s like you’re just not on our side.
“Not on your side?” What, I... I yell at you a little bit and suddenly I’m a Russian spy now!
Stuff happened, it happens, it’s fine.
It’s barely worth mentioning now.
It was *more* than just “yelling,” okay? You were dropping atom *bombs* of *rage* on my *head*.
Honey, you would *know* if I was *truly* upset, okay?
Ask Nona, Scott Fischer has a limp for a reason.
Fine, whatever, I don’t care anymore.
Oh, *now* she doesn’t care.
Uh, june bugs bite, don’t they?
Are you okay, Clarissa?
I feel like I’ve aged ten years but... for the time being, let’s go with “fine.” *You* look spritely as ever.
What is that supposed to mean.
Look, Clarissa’s here, so everybody’s here now, we can... just, everybody’s okay, alright?
That’s a good thing.
Yeah, let’s just... find the keys to the boat, or a phone, or whatever and just find a way home.
I promise we can all keep talking and[SLASH]or fighting at school on Monday.
Yes, perfect.
Yeah, something could be “wrong” with me, right?
I don’t care what she says, just everyone keep your eye on her.
Yeah, I could just *ghost out* at any moment, right?
Yeah, I’m an “absolute psycho,” right? Everyone better hide all the knives.
Yeah, I just might climb through the kitchen window again, who knows.
Yeah, if you’re all not careful I might put my feet on the upholstery.
Okay, we get it, haha, carry on.
Clarissa, you just better hope there’s *two* boats or something cause you’re *not* sitting anywhere close to me.
*You* better hope there’s two boats for your *giant* ego if you think you can dictate the *evacuation terms*.
Okay, haha, enough jousting and reposting, let’s carry on, now.
Fine, okay, let’s focus up.
Everybody, find something and hope that it helps.
I thought you hated physical activity.
Ren, come on, you were there, back me up here!
Well… I mean, there’s a *scale* to these things, and while, *yes*, Clarissa perhaps tipped into *derangement*...
“Derangement!?”
What are you... you have *no* idea what you’re talking about, boy, you haven’t *seen* me “lose it,” not even close.
Nona, c’mon, you saw how she acted, back me up here!
Well, Alex, I mean… yeah, she got a little… heated, but...
See? Just a little heated, like a little cup of tea, that’s all it was.
It’s a lot of radios and… those containers we saw at the town office.
What do you think that means?
She must have figured it out, that there were ghosts here and the potential for them to be running amok.
I… guess that’s a possibility.
I don’t know, something about ELF transmitters or... the submarine’s ways of communicating…
You can just say you don’t know, that’s okay.
“Tune into the source…” It’s probably something about the special radios, you know?
Huh.
I just really don’t get it.
Wait, is this... ahh, the boat keys. Got ‘em.
Perfecto.
Let’s blow this pop stand. Oh, I just got that! Popsicle stand! It *does* make sense.
Alright, we got keys for the boat.
Who's we?
In the attic, in a... dusty old chest... as you might expect.
Uh, super! Let’s try it out.
And… huh, like a map of the caverns. She’s written here, “tune into the source.”
She couldn’t have known about the... the ghosts, right?
Who do you think.
Where?
*I* got the keys. They were in the attic, upstairs.
In a chest, but who cares, let’s just go.
Jonas found them in a chest upstairs. So say thank you.
Thank you.
You’re welcome.
I was just saying it, it’s not directed at you or anything.
Okay.
Alexxxx?
Oh, Alexx?
Come down here, please.
We have something we want to show you…
[laughing]
Huh? Clarissa, where are you?
In the family room, dear.
We’re all in oil. Marinated, so to speak.
Clarissa? What’s going on!
You’re confused, aren’t you? Well, you should be.
How does it go? “ Things are different except in a different way.”
Just come downstairs so we can get started.
I’m not... I’m not listening to this, alright! I’m not playing along anymore!
Oh, just come down and we’ll drink to our future.
Come down, okay? It will be alright. I promise.
[laughing]
Here comes a candle to light you to bed…
Here comes a sword to chop off your head.
Well... we’ll be waiting right here for you to strike up the nerve...
Ah. There you are.
Now, we imagine you’re a bit confused…
But don’t fret.
Stop... just stop whatever this is, can’t you? Just... just fix my friends! Please!
*Why* are you doing this? This... I thought you... you guys were *stuck* here or... or that this... this wasn’t...
Your *friends* are as fine as they’ve ever been, okay? There’s nothing to bleed over.
This will be the final part of your training, Alex.
All training is supervised by very skilled instructors.
Thank you, radio.
“Training?” I don’t want to be “trained,” what... what are you...
You signed up for this, Alexandra.
Is. Leave. Possible.
Uh, yeah, sure, leave possible…
Um, maybe? But I don’t really…
In the caverns, you tuned into our signal.
So please I cannot bear your excuses, *offspring*.
You walked in here with clear eyes.
I take it back, then! I take it all back, leave isn’t possible, it’s really *not* possible!
Sshhh, it’s okay. Everything will be fine.
I said *maybe* leave was possible, *maybe*, I didn’t... I didn’t even know what the Hell you were talking about!
I wish I hadn’t tuned into that stupid thing, okay! If I knew what it was gonna do, do you really... do your really think I would’ve even *brought* this radio!
How was I meant to know what the Hell was gonna happen!
And yet, without understanding your footing, you still *acted*. But don’t worry.
I’m... I’m sorry, okay! How many times you want me to tell you I’m sorry, I didn’t know what would happen!
You have nothing to apologize for. Trust us on that.
The test is easy.
*We’ll* speak of something we see in the house, and *you* will go and find it.
See?
As simple and good-humored as your mother’s apple pie.
I don’t want to play this! Just tell me what’s happening!
Refusal to cooperate will incur grim penalties, I’m afraid. But it’s your choice.
What *is* it with you guys and all the... the *games*, you’re like *dogs* or *children*, just what is the point?
The *point*, dear? The point is that they were never “games.” And you can figure that out by your lonesome.
And what if I... what if I *don’t*, huh? What if I just stand here and don’t go along with this?
Now. Let’s start with a softball.
I Spy… with my little eye… radiation.
That strain again. Not so sweet this time, eh?
Pity you’re so embered. One in an infinite shot, though… maybe another Alex is having a better go of things.
*Again* with the “other Alex,” talk, okay, just *where* is she, huh? Why can’t I reach her, why can’t I *warn* her, warn *everyone*!
They’re… around…
We’re sorry to break it to you, sweetheart… but you aren’t unique. And not even in the generic sense.
Wait, “one in an infinite shot?” What does that mean?
Aw, you just got the bad fall of the dice this time, kid.
But time marches on, and things will happen, in every possibility, so… pray for the… *doubles* that they don’t make the same mistakes.
What “strain?” What does... what are you...[gets cut off]
“It breathes upon a bank of violets.” The strain of life, dear. You didn’t do so well *this* time.
Maybe another Alex out there somewhere is doing better…
So take what comfort you can in things.
Now… this isn’t your first merry go round, so… let’s hope you remember the rules.
You *have* done this so many times.
It’s not out of the question.
Not entirely.
What... what do you mean I’ve done this? I’ve never been here, *you’ve* never...[gets cut off]
We’re sure you remember at least a *little* by this point.
Oh, I’m sorry, child. You weren’t even close.
Nona!
Stop it! C’mon, no... it’s *my* fault, I didn’t know!
Will you look at that.
The little one’s up and hit the silk.
Where is she! Where’d you take her!
Don’t you mind. But let this be a teachable moment for you.
Bring her back! Now!
Oh, I’m sorry, dear. What’s done is done, as they say.
If you’d paid attention, you’d have noticed the television set right by my side, the little X-Ray emitting death machine.
Is it... are you talking about the TV?
Very good, well done. The older models emitted X-rays.
But right now you’d be wise to think of radiation in another sense.
Now.
Pay attention.
Now. Pay attention.
I spy… with my little eye… a knot.
What does this have to do with... with us, I mean, we’re... we’re not...
What are you even *talking*about right...
I Spy… with my little eye… a picture of a memory.
I spy… with my little eye… a knot.
Ohhh, not good. Not good at all.
Ren! Wake up!
Clarissa, please... fight whatever this is and stop this, c’mon!
Silly boy.
Fig leafed away.
Stop doing that! They haven’t *done* anything, I’m just... I’m just not... not doing well.
Then take it as encouragement *to* do well.
Okay, you know what, Nona was one thing, but that guy you just *vanished* is like my... my *best friend*, you can’t just... just...
How this goes is up to you, Alexandra.
Where is he! Where’d you take him!
Don’t you mind. But let this be a teachable moment for you.
Bring him back! Right now!
Oh, I’m sorry, dear. What’s done is done, as they say.
What you failed to find is a photograph of Margaret Adler, and her friend, Anna.
The picture of... I guess it’s Maggie Adler and somebody? Is this it?
Yes. Very nice. That’s Margaret Adler and her friend, Anna.
It’s time for the Bonus Round, Alex, so… stay quick. This is one you’ll *really* want to find.
I spy… with my little eye… a knot.
You see… you and your schoolyard chums are experiencing... well, this has sort of happened before.
Maggie and Anna tried to… *sport* with us many years ago. And, well... only one survived.
But in the process, we discovered a way for us to return, so to speak.
It just takes a little time.
And a far reaching tolerance for the ignorant.
Okay, if we... if I help you… will you *stop*… whatever it is that you’re doing with my friends?
Ahh, well... there’s the rub.
What is it? How can you... how can you come back from something like this?
Wait, what... what happened to Anna?
Let’s leave it at the poor girl didn’t know what she was playing with. It doesn’t matter.
Is it the... this painting? It looks kinda like a knot…
Excellent, excellent, you’re doing so well.
The knot of eternal recurrence.
The *waves*. It’s the waves, we think.
And we will use those waves to *absorb* into your friends… as sunlight blooms into flowers
You see… you and your schoolyard chums are experiencing... well, this has sort of happened before.
The picture of... I guess it’s Maggie Adler and somebody? Is this it?
Yes. Very nice. That’s Margaret Adler and her friend, Anna.
Alexandra. What a disappointment you’ve turned out to be.
Jonas! C’mon, snap out of it!
Don’t! Just... just stop! Please, just don’t do anything to him!
Aw, your new brother.
Gone to first light.
This isn’t their fault! Bring them back!
They’ll come *back* when you learn their *purpose*, child.
Where... where do they keep going? What are you doing with them!
What are we doing with them, that is the question of the night, I guess…
Where is he! Where’d you take him!
Don’t you mind. But let this be a teachable moment for you.
Bring him back! Right now!
Oh, I’m sorry, dear. What’s done is done, as they say.
What you failed to find is a photograph of Margaret Adler, and her friend, Anna.
The picture of... I guess it’s Maggie Adler and somebody? Is this it?
Yes. Very nice. That’s Margaret Adler and her friend, Anna.
You and your schoolyard chums are experiencing... well, you see, this has sort of happened before.
Maggie and Anna tried to… *sport* with us many years ago. And, well... only one survived.
But in the process, we discovered a way for us to return, so to speak.
It just takes a little time.
And a far reaching tolerance for the ignorant.
Okay, if we... if I help you… will you *stop*… whatever it is that you’re doing with my friends?
Ahh, well... there’s the rub.
What is it? How can you... how can you come back from something like this?
Wait, what... what happened to Anna?
Let’s leave it at the poor girl didn’t know what she was playing with. It doesn’t matter.
And we will use those waves to *absorb* into your friends… as sunlight blooms into flowers.
And we will grow.
And we will engulf.
No, that’s horrible!
We can see how this might seem… graceless. But we’re past the point of caring about that sort of thing.
You... you can’t do that! Think about what you’re doing!
We *can* do that, Alex. And what has seemed to your parents as eighty years has been for us *eons* to know an existence without life.
Wait, what… what happens to them? After you’re, uh, “absorbed?”
Their form will exist, with us inside. It will be a swap, you see… of… “essences”, I guess you could call them.
We tried it too quickly with Anna. But now we know… to wait… and soak.
We had to keep you here, you see… on the island.
And it will be a great honor, Alex, really… to carry us through this life.
And on to the next.
Please, just *don’t* do this. We’re… we’re not...
It’s sad, I know… to lose the facility to… *feel*… to *be* but... we have not felt *anything* for a very long time.
And we’ll do whatever is necessary.
You... you *had* your time, you *had* your time! Don’t take ours just because you had some... some *accident*!
We *never* had our time! It was *ripped* from us!
We’ve watched the universe’s conception fly to its demise *over* and *over* and *over* again!
You don’t know what it’s *been* like!
But how could you.
That is no excuse for stealing our... our... *souls*.
Well… it’s the only excuse you’re going to get.
What you’re doing is *wrong*. And you know that.
Any integrity we once had drowned in the reef ages ago.
I don’t *care* about your... your *time problems*! These are my *friends* you’re replacing!
Then let us share in each other’s disregard.
You’re just an infant.
Please. Just… don’t do this.
When our vessel dashed on the rocks… we had until dawn. And so will you.
We would spend that time wisely.
And... we thank you for your good service.
Is it the... this painting? It looks kinda like a knot…
Excellent, excellent, you’re doing so well.
There’s a painting, upstairs.
The knot of eternal recurrence.
The *waves*. It’s the waves, we think.
And we will use those waves to *absorb* into your friends… as sunlight blooms into flowers.
And we will grow.
And we will engulf.
I Spy… with my little eye… a picture of a memory.
It's time for the bonus round, Alex, so... stay quick. This is one you'll really want to find.
There has to be another way, I mean... just... maybe... I mean, maybe I can do something with the radio or...or...
Well… that could’ve gone better…
So… I’m kind of screwed.
Alright. Guess I’m still in the Time Loop.
Oh. Right. Time loop.
Tell Michael he should go to school here.
Tell Michael he should go out on his own.
Just… don’t try and influence Michael. He can live his own life.
Okay, seriously, *who* are you?
Thanks.
*What* does this... what does it matter! He’s dead, he’s not... he’s not here.
*What* does this... what does it matter! He’s dead, he’s not... he’s not here.
Well… that could’ve gone better…
Oh. Right. Time loop.
It... It wasn’t a dream or a vision or something, you and Clarissa, standing in the living room just now, was it?
[sick sigh]
Clarissa?
No, that was very, very real.
Uh, no, but I wish it was a dream. Usually there’s a lot more talking horses.
We’re in, like… trouble.
Yeah.
God, that all really just happened…?
Clarissa and everything?
But we’re in… kind of a bad spot, right?
Looks like it!
Welllll… I mean… we’re in *trouble* only if you don’t like getting your soul consumed by a hundred year old submarine crew.
Okay.
Yeah. We kind of really are.
Maggie… I think Maggie Adler might have had some sort of a plan or a, uh, scheme or something to fix what’s going on.
So, I mean… Christ, if Clarissa was whisked away to the cave by nuclear submarine monsters then, I mean, the plan has to be to, uh, retrieve her, right?
I’m still going to call them ghosts, if that’s okay.
A ghost *is* a monster, so.
Yeahhhhh?
Right?
No, completely, that’s the plan, of course it is.
Clarissa is *not* gonna be the human sponge for some evil island ghosts, not on my, uh, my watch!
Or, uh… we could just… uh…. leave?
What!
Leave?
Seriously?
We can’t just *leave.*
Yeah, I mean, I know she can be like the girl equivalent of bed bugs, but… c’mon.
Okay, now… *what* did you really mean by we could just leave?
Yeah, *without* Clarissa?
I’m *totally* kidding, it was a joke, a joke! I would *never* think to doom Clarissa to, uh, anything unreasonable.
Oh c’mon, the boat’s *right* *there*! Remember the old plan? “Take the skiff to freedom and french fries?”
Nobody ever said that.
Alex. No. We *can’t* leave. Not without *all* of us.
Okay. Fine. But just remember when you’re all screaming and running and being torn to pieces I already suggested the easy way out.
We *can’t* leave. Not without *all* of us.
Clarissa is only like one *slice* of the problem. We’re *all*, uh, *infected* or whatever, so we need to *rip* the issue off like a bandage, all at once.
Okay, great, yeah, but... how do we do that?
Well, uh…
Good question.
Uh, to be honest, I don’t really have a clue, but it’s, you know...
Alright, then it’s settled! We’ll go into the cave and get Clarissa back while we think about how to, like, not get body-swapped in the meantime.
We could... I mean, using the radio to tune into that triangle thing in the cave *started* it, so… I dunno, maybe tuning it differently or something will fix it?
Yeah, if your car’s on fire just pour gasoline on it, right?
Well, maybe she has a point…
Why do the *one* thing that we know got us all flummoxed, *again*?
Well, what’s *your* grand solution, then! Pack it up into rolling papers and *smoke* it, probably!
Oh c’mon, why am I always the *drug* guy?!
Look, if Clarissa’s in the cave, then we’ll have to go there anyway, so… we’ll put a, uh, a pin in it.
It’s all I can think of at the moment, alright?
Maybe it... I dunno, maybe it works like a door and we can somehow figure out how to, you know, *close* it.
Good grief.
But I guess it’s one thing at a time. Clarissa’s in the cave, so… let’s just focus on that. For now.
Yes, that would appear to be the, uh, the plan.
What possible *plan* could Maggie Adler have?
First of all, she’s *dead*.
And second of all, she was like the island *Mother Goose*, she didn’t know anything *about* this!
But… really now… what “plan” are you talking about that Maggie had?
Yeah, I’m, uh, curious.
She wrote in her journal or something something about tuning into the “source” of the problem… in the *cave*.
She knew *something!* I mean, look around, this whole *house* is like a ghost-hunting command center.
And she thought she needed to tune a radio into the, uh, the “source” of the problem in the cave… \n
She left secret *notes* all over the place, the ghosts *hate* her, she was involved with it somehow, c’mon!
Yeah.
So we can go… on… the… Oh, I think I’m gonna be sick.
Me first.
Did what just...
And I think she was talking about the ghosts.
Well, if we’re going to the cave... oh, actually, I forgot.
I saw the entrance has been caved in since you guys went inside.
Alright, I *know* there are a whole bunch of secret, Communist-bomb fearing tunnels dug into this place during the nineteen fifties…
And Maggie has *loads* of film about military stuff in her basement, so...
Maybe there’s a way back into the cave through one of those, you’re thinking?
Let’s take a look.
Christ, I felt like I was, like I was *dying* Alex, how hard is it to find an old woman’s *junk* within a reasonable time frame!
Yeah, that did not… feel good.
That felt like someone was shoving spiders down my throat.
She, uh, tried… kinda.
And look, Alex, if you’re ever again asked to find someone’s *crap* lest *ghosts* are gonna punish *not you*, ask to tag out or something cause *God* that felt like my skin was getting pulled off.
That felt like someone was shoving spiders down my throat.
Normally she’s good at this stuff. Normally.
Jesus, Alex, if there’s one thing I’ve learned tonight, it’s that you are friggin’ *terrible* at playing games when your friends’ lives are at stake.
Oh, and by the way, next time, put some actual *effort* into the game, pretty please!
That felt like someone was shoving spiders down my throat.
Yeah!
I’m sorry, alright! I tried my best, I mean, when things are jumping all around it’s tough to even know what she was talking about!
It was *much* harder than it looked, trust me.
Oh, you’re *fine*, I can barely even tell you went anywhere, quit your whining.
What kind of name is Ephipany Fields, anyway?
Wait, is it Ephipany?
It’s, uh…
It’s *Epiphany* Field.
Oh. That makes more sense.
Moving on….
*Oh*, *Epiphany.” That makes more sense.
Okay, we’re getting warmer. I think.
*So* if you look at the... the, like, *lines* or whatever, the bomb shelter *should* lead right into the cave... just, like, from another angle…
...according to this, at least.
Oh. So it does.
Anyways, the map... it has the field and the bomb shelter, right? What was the point, again?
The shelter *should* lead, like, right into the cave is the “point.”
It looks like it, anyway.
Brilliant!
Is it?
Yeah, how do we get in? It’s just like the cave wall, only… *steel* or whatever *bomb shelters* are made out of.
But… won’t it be, like, locked or something? Right?
That doesn’t really help us, Nona, I mean… a bomb shelter’s pretty much *designed* to keep stuff out.
But how do we get in? Isn’t that a pretty fundamental flaw here?
No no no, this is something I actually remember from that stupid radio tour thing cause it, like, sounded so weird…
It’s called the “Call and Response” system? It *unlocks* the Bomb Shelter, this is showing us how to do it.
See? It says, “When someone sends an emergency signal from the Catbird Station in the woods and the Receiving Station confirms it.”
It was like for missile threats or aerial attacks or whatever they were scared of in the 40’s.
Why do you know this? Why don’t I know this?
But anyways, there’s a Emergency system that automatically opens up the bomb shelter into the cave.
It’s like a connected response thing.
Brilliant!
Really?
It’s good enough for me!
Alright, but c’mon, Nona, do you honestly believe that the old equipment in *either* building will still work?
It’s... I don’t know, but it’s the only thing we have so far.
And time’s a clickin’.
Okay, any *other* ideas? Preferably ones that aren’t unnecessarily complicated and obtuse and hanging by the thinnest spider-web thread of relevancy?
Alright, then.
I already have one of those military radios...
Okay, Alex and me are a set, and you and Ren, then.
I have one of those military radios from the, uh, that office so... we can split up, I guess?
Yeah, Alex and me are a set, and, uh, you and Nona, then.
Perfect.
Uh, yeah, sure.
But, anyways, yeah, Ren and Nona are a group and Alex and I are a group, then.
Yep, sounds good.
Wait, wait, I, uh, I’m sorry, I kinda zoned out there for a second. What are we doing?
Ren and Nona are Team, uh, Soaring Eagle and you and I are Awesome Squad.
Aw, I want that one!
And we’re splitting up to work some old-fangled machinery to open the bomb shelter to get into the cave to yadda yadda yadda save our lives or whatever.
Can’t we just... I mean, can we just like think this “plan” through for like one minute before running off half-cocked?
Everyone heard that, right?
Yes.
Like, how will we know how to work the... the whatever, the *apparatus*... the *signal machines* when we get there?
We can, uh, improvise?
Yeah, and there’s usually some instructions with little cartoon people on it for the dumb and illiterate.
Like, where are these Comm Stations, exactly?
Don’t we need, like, access codes or… something like that?
*Actually*, I doubt it. It’ll probably be tied to like the military radios and… well, we stole two of ‘em, so.
The system works!
It’ll… like, I know it’s a little, uh, *complex*, but… we’ll just see how it goes. Alright?
Um, actually, I’ve been with Jonas kinda all night, so… if anyone wants to switch up the batting order, I wouldn’t exactly be...
Okay, you could’ve put it a little more *nicely*, but… sure we can...
No! No, this is fine, I mean… why mess with success, right?
Hey, I thought... I thought we were okay, now?
Right?
Yeah, no no, we’re okay. Nevermind, let’s not, uh, dirty the cabinets, I guess.
Alright, for anyone wondering, I used to say that a lot until I realized how weird it sounded.
It’s just that I’ve been staring at your face so much I’m gonna be dreaming about clawing your eyes out tomorrow.
What?! That’s a thing?!
Jesus, maybe we *should* split up.
Uh, okay, I mean… if you wanna split up...
Alright. Break!
And if anything goes wrong, please don’t tell me, I won’t wanna know.
Same here! I don’t wanna know nothin’!
Well, now I’m gonna run over there and specifically tell you at the first drop of bad news.
Noooo!
Same here! I don’t wanna know nothin’!
Oh man, if this turns out to be just prehistoric home videos…
It’s sweet! They’re learning!
Boooo.
Hissss.
Hissss.
Boooo.
Okay, alright, we get it!
God, it’s just the *first thing*, just give it a second to warm up, will you.
You can, uh, skip this one, Alex.
Yeah, hit the button to keep going.
Alex, we’ve fully absorbed this, it’s Maggie and her friend, let’s move on.
Yeah.
I’m sure this is just the, uh, the opener.
Alright, well, keep going, maybe there’s something else.
On to the next one, Alex.
Yeah, let’s do it. Next slide.
*Alex*. *Slide*.
Here, take the extra radio. I don’t need it, and… you know, that way, we can split up.
Alex and me as a set, and you and Ren.
Oh, *what*? She knew about these things?
Wow, that’s crazy.
It says that... to fix a “temporal tear,” ... that’s a mouthful... “in the cave…”
She suspects we need to tune the correct frequency into its energy source.
Yeah, okay, but if it was so easy why didn’t she just do it.
Good question.
Yeah, she knew this whole time and she didn’t clean up the mess?
Eh, true. But what if it would have worked?
Well, *something* better work or...
Or we’re boned.
Or we’re boned, precisely.
Maybe… I dunno, maybe she was wrong and it didn’t work. Maybe she *tried* and it didn’t work.
Maybe it needs like an extra step or... or there’s, like, something she missed. I dunno.
Alright, hit the button.
Let’s keep it moving, Alex.
We’re kind of on a roll with useful information, so…
No time like the present.
Oh, sorry, this is like... this looks like the end, but from the from the wrong film thing...
Right?
Yeah… I guess so.
Everyone heard that, right?
Yes.
Oh, we won’t!
Oh, and, uh, before anything else horrible happens… I kinda promised Alex I’d say I’m sorry, Ren, so…
Sorry… about the whole… yelling at you thing.
From earlier.
Okay, you know it defeats the purpose of an apology to say you’re only doing it because somebody *made* you, right?
People normally learn that when they’re, like, *five*.
Well, I’m honest, sue me!
Yes, you are. I'll give you that.
Well, isn’t that downright neighborly of you.
Yes, I’m a great guy, aren’t I.
Yeah, what a *great guy* to say he’s sorry when his new step-sister twists his arm.
Hey, it counts.
By a technicality, sure.
And what do *you* say, Ren?
God, are you like a match-maker or something?
Two people can be a little peeved at each other, it’s okay, Jonas is *clearly* just doing this to make you not mad at him.
But *fine*, I’m *sorry* I stood there and get berated for no reason, there.
Works for me.
Um, sure. Apology accepted. Even though this is just because Alex *made* you.
“We would need to transpose to the ‘other side,’... and tune into the source within itself?”
Okay, but we’re not doing that, right?
But yeah, this is nuts sounding. Go *into* the portal?
It’s like she knew what to do but didn’t…
Yeah.
Or maybe she didn’t know what to do.
Well, I don’t know what to tell you, but strap in boys and girls cause we might have to, okay? If it’s the only thing that will fix us.
But that’s like… *scary*!
Well *something* better work.
Well how would she even know this? I don’t care how much “research” she did, this would be out of *anyone’s* realm of expertise.
See? It says, “When someone sends an emergency signal from the Catbird Station in the woods and the receiving station confirms it.
Alex and me will head through the Woods, do the, uh, the “call” part. You and Ren and can hang by the door to the bomb shelter and open the door when it’s ready.
Yeah, *obviously* Alex is getting... *has* been sick of me for a while now, so for civility’s sake...
Don’t be like that, Jonas, c’mon.
I’m just... I don’t...
Forget it, then, okay, I’m sorry! Let’s not, uh, dirty the cabinets, I guess.
If you really wanna split up, it’s fine, we can...
Yeah, that’s... that’s going a little *above* above and beyond.
Wait, wait, we just... I think we just time jumped, I think we... I don’t know, we skipped, like, a bunch of… stuff.
Huh? No we didn’t.
Yeah, we’re okay.
It’s a Radio Lock. The woman sure did love her antiquated security.
Yeah.
I thought maybe I imagined it was locked, but… nope.
Hey Nona.
Hey.
How’s it, uh, going?
Steady as she goes.
Wanna, I dunno, maybe help us look for, like, the way to get out of here?
Honestly, Alex, I feel like such absolute ass right now, that… I don’t know how much of a help I’d be.
And you seem to always have things under control…
For the most part...
We all feel bad, Nona, c’mon, put on some shin guards and get into the game.
Uhhh, so this is a really awkward time to bring this up, but, uh, everything’s terrible now so why not… have you thought about Ren? Like at all?
Surprisingly… uh, a little.
But you can... you can forget what I said about telling him I’m not interested, if that matters at all.
Uhhh, a little. More for his safety, mind you..
Okay, so… this is probably a terrible time to bring this up, actually I know it is, but… Ren really does mean well, so… just take it easy on him.
No, actually, just, uh... can you just forget what I said about telling him that I’m not interested, okay?
No, uh, please, let’s talk about something *normal*. But, uh, yeah, I will, no problem.
I don’t know why I said that to begin with.
So.
Uh, Alex, this is… whatever, but… forget what I said about… telling Ren that I don’t... that I’m not interested, okay?
Why? Did…. something happen?
No, no, I just… I’m going to try and not close off… things… before I even know what I’m closing off, I guess.
And it’s not about *Ren*, specifically, it’s just… anything.
So. Just nevermind with all that.
Are you… interested now… by chance?
Uh, sure thing. Consider it deleted. Click click.
Thanks.
Thanks anyway.
Clarissa.
Your Highness.
Look, I think… like, don’t take this the bad way, but… you need help.
Oh, do I? What kind of help, may I ask.
Like, therapy-help.
No, it’s okay. I tried it, honey. Didn’t take. I’m indissectibile.
A doctor’s help. *Any* doctor that can prescribe things, really.
My mother doesn’t really keep attention to her prescription pad, so… if you have any suggestions, write them down for me, will you.
A priest, I think. You maybe... polluted.
You are *really* taking all of this much too seriously. But I appreciate the concern…
Oh, *that* kind. Well, when we get back into town I’ll keep you abreast of my development, alright, dear?
For the eight hundredth time... and I don’t even know why I feel like I have to keep selling you on this, but here goes again... Michael wasn’t my fault.
As long as you believe it, I guess.
I just want you to be keenly aware, *sharply* aware, that I don’t care one... one *anything* what you think about me. Okay?
And making a big show of telling me... that surely fits that narrative you’ve drawn up for yourself.
Find anything useful?
Not yet.
But, you know... the night is young.
So… it’s Nona’s birthday in three days.
Really? Awesome. That’s... that’s great. That’s great, I can, uh, I can really use that.
I feel like... it’s like I’m behind enemy lines with that one.
This is perfect.
Okay, don’t be like a *predator* now, just... you know, it’s *information* that I hope you categorize *wisely*.
Got it, definitely. Categorically wizened. Thanks.
Just be *nice* is what I’m trying to say! Say, “Happy Birthday,” you know? Normal *human* stuff.
Oh, yeah, no, of course, got it. I’ll turn up the nice, turn down the charm. Don’t worry. Thanks.
Thanks.
How’s the, uh, Nona stuff going?
Uh, good. I think. I don’t know. I *think* we’re kinda bonding? Maybe?
She told me she missed her dead cat, which, I dunno, I took as a good sign.
Just, uh, be yourself, Ren. Whatever happens, happens, and… this way the *strategy* will be simple to remember.
Got it. Being myself starting now.
Just be… be interested in what she has to say. And mean it, don’t fake it. We can tell when guys fake it.
No you can’t, but sure.
Be… the only way I can put this is, “be interesting.” If she’s bored of you on a night like this, you have nowhere to go but down, *way* down.
Got it. Be interesting, sure.
No? Nothing? Alright.
How are you… how are you feeling? Like, physically? Everyone kinda looks like they have the flu.
Yeah, I mean… not *too* great. Less than good, really, more in the *digested frog* range, I think.
But it’s fine, I’ll pop some whatever when I get home.
So… think we’re really about to make it out of here? I have my doubts, I’ll be honest.
What, you kidding? Of *course* we are. There’s no way this ends with us *not* on our way home, no way.
Oh God, please don’t jinx us.
Don’t worry so much! Buy some lottery tickets, it’ll do you good.
Yeah… you’re probably right.
Totally magotally.
How you doing?
How are *you* doing.
You know what? Better than *friggin’* ever. I feel like I’ve never stopped winning since we landed.
I think you’re a liar… but it’s good to hear for some reason, anyway.
Um, I think as bad as everybody else right now.
I feel like I’ve been run over with a truck. With, uh, acid wheels. If that makes sense.
Yeah, that’s been pretty much the slogan of the night. We’ll make shirts when we get home.
We’ll be okay.
Think Ren secretly hates me since I kinda put my faith in you over him in pressure cooker situations?
*No*, he’ll be alright, I can tell. He looks at you like a sister, that doesn’t drain easily.
Look, Jonas… are we… like… okay? I mean, cause of the whole… taking *not you* to town… thing.
No, no, we’re… I wanna be okay with you. I just... if we keep at each other’s throats, I don’t know if I’ll be able to make it through the night.
Me neither. So… let’s just not be at each other’s throats anymore. There. See? Easy.
Wellll… maybe a little.
I… will not be an idiot anymore, I promise, Ren’s great, your friends are great, I’ll be fine.
Really.
Right?
Yeah, I think we’re all doing like that.
Wanna come up?
Attics are always a little… haunted house spooky. Right?
Oh, it’s, uh... it’s a draft of her letter that she left in the office. “To whom it should concern…”
Strange to see her first thoughts, you know? Feels too private.
She left notes everywhere, she said. Hidden with secret signals.
Don’t call her that. She wasn’t *odd*... she was just eccentric.
Maybe she was up to something, you ever think of that? I mean, she’s wrapped up in this thing somehow.
No, I think it’s pretty cool, actually. I could see myself doing something like this for the, uh, the people I leave behind.
Wait, have you seen this? It’s like a… a star map or… a diagram of planets or something?
Just for fun, I guess, I dunno. You have a NASA poster in your room, are you really gonna hop into a shuttle?
Maybe, uh, they need to chart, uh, signals through space or something?
She was an amateur astronomer, probably.
That’s *astrology*, not *astronomy.*
Yeah, yeah, exactly right.
Man, she owned enough books. It’s mostly math, I think. “Ergodic thermodynamics.”
And religion, sheesh, there’s a lot of...
*Okay*, we get it, she liked the smell of paper.
Fascinating insight.
We’ll all miss her dearly.
I’m not talking to you, I’m just talking out loud.
You can only ever talk out loud.
[annoyed grumble]
Okay, why don’t you get off your ass and *help*, then?
I *am* helping. By keeping out of the way of… more enterprising sorts like yourself.
Alex, seriously, just because *you* can practically *pole vault* all night doesn’t mean the rest of us don’t need the occasional breather.
Huh, Ren was right. There’s like a ledger here. The Adler family *does* own the island.
Anddddd here’s the combination for the... there’s a padlocked chest in the attic upstairs.
Twenty nine. Eighteen. Fifty four.
Uh, cool?
And here’s a... combination for a padlock to a… “chest,” is all it says.
Twenty nine. Eighteen. Fifty four.
A chest? Have you seen one yet?
Negative. But… maybe I just missed it.
Let’s just look. It’ll probably just be more... whatever... banking files or something but maybe we’ll get lucky.
Well, I guess let’s just keep looking.
Oh, you know what? This might be the, um, the chest that takes that combination.
The, uh, the chest is padlocked. Needs a combination.
Mrs. Adler was either paranoid beyond belief or just a very tidy woman.
She buried information in “sonically camouflaged” containers, Jonas. My guess is paranoid.
Probably just tidy. It’s not like the ark of the covenant’s in here.
Hey, you never know, she was old enough.
Still locked.
Twenty nine. Eighteen… fifty four.
Nona, c’mon honey, it’s time to motor!
Nona... Are you okay? Wake up!
Nona, can you... can you hear me?
Ren! C’mon, we got a boat to catch, buddy!
Ren, are you... are you alright? We’re in a... we’re in a Time Loop thing!
C’mon, Ren! Are you asleep?
C’mon, Jonas, I... I really need you! Don’t blank out on me now!
C’mon, Jonas, up and atm!
Jonas, don’t... don’t just sit there, we’re in a time shift loop thing!
I hate this.
Hopefully this will work as usual…
I wish there was like... just *something* here that explained what the crap she was up to.
Maggie?
Forget about it, it’s a dead end.
Yeah, like, just give us a clue! She knew about *some* of this stuff, at least.
Ugh, just... *so* annoying. It’s called a diary, use it!
Hey, did you know that these gave off *actual* radiation before, uh, we all switched to whatever we use now?
Um. Yes.
It’s X-rays, right? I think it’s X-rays.
Uh, does anyone buy the whole eternal recurrence thing?
Literally no idea what you’re talking about right now.
Yeah, what’s that, again?
Is it like reincarnation?
It’s when... it’s the idea that if you time is infinite and matter is finite then everything will eventually repeat in the same exact pattern again and again.
I subscribe to whatever snake handlers believe in, so…
We uh… it’s basically that we’re gonna keep doing the same stuff over and over in infinite versions of our lives.
Sounds, uh, bleak.
Not if you make the right choices the first time, I guess.
Uh, sorry, nevermind.
Does anyone... sorry, but does anyone recognize who this is? I think her name’s Anna?
Nope. Never heard of her.
No.
Uh, no, me neither.
She was a... a friend of Maggie, I think? I dunno. The, uh, the ghosts just pointed her out.
Uh, just nevermind, then.
The ghosts... they said... she said that she died because, like, she couldn’t handle something, or… I forget how they put it.
They were probably just messing with you. Like always.
Yeah, don’t sweat it.
Man, she owned enough books. It’s mostly math, I think. “Ergodic thermodynamics.”
And religion, sheesh, there’s a lot of...
*Okay*, I get it, she liked the smell of paper.
Well… you *do* have the key right there. It’s the radio, just tune it a little, it’ll open like the gate.
No, I, uh, I get it, it’s alright. Rest up.
Alex, seriously, just because *you* can practically *pole vault* all night doesn’t mean the rest of us don’t need the occasional breather.
Oh my God. You’re like those sailors who dreamed of banging a walrus.
Shut up!
Yeah right.
Alex...
Oh, that’s an attic?
I thought it was like… a cat’s toy or something.
Yeah, sure.
It’s the tight spaces, the darkness, the spiders, the creaking and… well, actually that about covers it.
But, you know, cool in a way.
Kind of a thin line, but… sure.
Maybe… but also, things don’t *have* to make sense. Sometimes… stuff just happen… and that’s the end of it.
Well, leave a cheat sheet for the laziest of us, okay?
Yeah, why would she need anything like a… map of the universe?
It’s not like she’s bouncing stuff of satellites for her job.
Or maybe they were back then, what do I know.
Hey, I *might* one day, c’mon.
Maybe…
What, like she cared if you were a Scorpio or something?
I thought that stuff was after her time...
Oohhhhh yeah. That fits the description better.
Never doubt me.
Uhhhh…
I guess they weren’t kidding around.
The reel has tape on it… “Christmas, ‘84.”
I don’t think that will help us.
Well… yeah, probably not.
Alright, there’s already something in here. “Experiments and Findings of Experienced Phenomena, January ‘52.”
Awesome.
Sometimes when I lock myself out of my house I’ll just... I can’t help but just *stare* at the deadbolt trying to, like, *hypnotize* it open or something. You ever do that?
Um, not really. But we can try that now if you think it’ll help…
Oh forget it, what’s the point, we can’t use it, anyway.
Hey, wanna see if it’ll start?
Uhhhh…
I guess they weren’t kidding around.
I thought maybe I imagined it was locked, but… nope.
Well… you *do* have the key right there. It’s the radio, just tune it a little, it’ll open like the gate.
It’s been disconnected. Bummer.
Uh. Not really.
What do you care?
What do you care how I'm feeling?
Yeah, you should. But just... can we talk about something?
Like… seriously, why didn’t you let me go with you to Main Street?
Did I do something *that* *bad*?
I just don’t get it.
But… whatever, I guess.
Okay, I’m sorry, I just thought you needed, like, a breather. I mean, seriously, an hour earlier you were like possessed and freaking out.
Okay, *that*... is true. I guess. But still… it was… annoying.
Alright, Ren, honestly, the time has come to let it go.
I mean, this just *can’t* be a big deal compared to everything else tonight.
Then I’m... I don’t know, I’m just sore about it still, but whatever, I’ll chew my resentment down til we’re out.
You were being a total goober, what do you want me to say? I mean, a *second* brownie, you *know* that was dumb.
And what did it effect?! Nothing! I don’t even know why I’m arguing with you, just forget I said anything, go about your business.
Great.
I’m not gonna pretend it didn’t bother me a little, but it’d be stupid to... like, tonight has been bad enough, I’m not gonna crab about that.
I mean, are you, like, mad at me or something?
Well I... I’m sorry for whatever it is I guess, and… if it’s about Ren then tell him not to be a jackass anymore and we’ll be fine, I’m sure.
Okay, we’re fine.
She was an odd one, I’ll give her that.
She made a *lot* of… what should I call these? Slides? Their not videos…
Uh, “silent memories.”
There’s something in here...
Just looks like vacation slides or something.
Be careful, that film's really flammable.
Wouldn’t want Smokin’ Johnny to light the house on fire.
Ha ha.
There is of course a time limit here.
So… Ten.
Nine.
Eight.
Seven.
Six.
Five. Once I caught a fish alive.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One. The poor thing’s life had just begun.
One.
Five.
Let’s make this a little harder, okay?
Be fast now.
Five little ducks went out one day.
Over the hills and far away.
Mommy duck called quack quack quack.
But four...
No little ducks came quacking back.
Wait, what are you doing? The way to get out of here is somewhere around here it’s not... it’s not back out there.
Yeah, c’mon, let’s work this out.
If this is really the end of this, I... I actually have some more stuff I wanna check out before we leave.
Seriously? I mean, alright… if you really want to.
We’re staying here if you do.
Maggie Adler left *secret* *messages* all over the island, Jonas. I wanna find some of them before we leave.
Okay, I just... I guess that makes sense.
I mean, if you really wanna look around still, fine, I’ll go with you, but...
Hey, whoa, whoa we’re not done rooting through the house yet.
You’re not giving up yet, are ya?
Yep. You got me. I’m officially retiring for the evening. Gonna find a bush somewhere and sleep under it.
C’mon, you can sleep at home.
If just wanna take a walk, I’ll walk with you, but… we should keep looking.
No, no, I’m just- I just wanna stretch my legs, get some air.
Alright.
There are secret notes out there with secret codes and… I wanna figure out what all this has to do with the submarine.
If you say so.
Oh, uh, see ya later, I guess.
Okay, jeez, *bye*.
Ahh, bye then!
Oh, you’re bored. Okay. I get it.
Uh, okay, see you later.
You can never stand still! It’s amazing to watch, really.
Oh thank God, you’re leaving.
Oh, See ya later, I guess.
Hey, wait, Alex, come on. We’re still processing how to not die! Come back.
Alex, no... we’re not ready to leave yet, we still got figure out some stuff.
Alex, seriously? Come back and help us... help us do whatever it is we gotta do to, like, not get ghosted.
Okay. Pause. Wait for Alex to stop merry-go-rounding.
Oh, forget it.
Cool.
Oh just nevermind.
Oh forget it, what’s the point, we can’t use it, anyway.
Hey, wanna see if it’ll start?
Tada.
Oh, Jesus.
Sometimes when I lock myself out of my house I’ll just... I can’t help but just *stare* at the deadbolt trying to, like, *hypnotize* it open or something. You ever do that?
Um, not really. But we can try that now if you think it’ll help…
Okay.
Really funny, guys. Really funny.
That *is* a nifty gizmo.
[sigh]
“Put some clothes on!”
Remember that guy?
“Where are your parents?!”
“You kids better...”
Oh. Um, Chad’s lake house.
Yeah. Yeah, that guy was a friggin’ weirdo.
Yeah.
Are you, um, doing okay?
Yeah, I’m alright.
Yeah?
We’re going home soon, so.
Yeah, that’s true.
Look, I don’t wanna be a creep about it, but I’ve been like really worried about you.
Why?
Cause I haven’t seen you all night.
I saw you.
What, you mean in town? Like… just earlier?
No, before then.
No you didn’t.
Not after everything happened or whatever.
No?
No.
I could swear… I like, owed you something.
But I guess not.
Hey, do me a favor…
I’m going to ask you something…
And you just answer, and not… question it.
Okay?
Uh, sure.
What’s my dog’s name.
Charlie.
*Charlie*.
Thanks for that.
Ahhhh!
What?
Did a squirrel jump on you?
Some birds flew out of a hole and scared me, that’s all.
Birds. Cheep cheep cheep. You big goof.
Nothing, it was nothing.
Okay.
Grrrr, I hate nature! Stupid birds with their stupid flying and pooping everywhere!
What's going on? Should I be scared?
Some birds just startled her, it's fine.
I thought this was an “adventure?“
Yes, a glorious adventure!
Yeah, well, I changed my mind, it's terrible.
A marvelous adventure.
Shut up.
[light laughter]
Oh, uh, before we get there, I should... I should probably mention that...
[loud cackling]
Oh God.
Who’s that?
She’s just this girl and I’m totally into her and I want her to be into me so just... you know... just... just be cool, okay? \n
Third row, sits behind Sandles McDumbface....
Played piano in the assembly?
Not ringing any bells.
I don’t know. Why?
Yeah, sure, whatever, Sandals, okay.
She’s just this girl and I’m totally into her and I want her to be into me so just... you know... just... just be cool, okay?
No pouting or complaining or anything, alright?
Deal?
Be cool?
Why wouldn't I?
Ren. Relax.
Reginald! I hear you over there!
H-Hey guys!
That's... so there’s this girl, Nona...
Don't be, like, just how you can sometimes be.
But really, just be cool, alright, Alex?
Oh, what was the thing you wanted to say to Alex, Jonas?
You can just pretend I’m like a stray dog and can’t understand.
Uh, it was nothing, really.
Yeah… what was it really Jonas. If you have some deep dark secret I’d like to know now before we’re officially housemates.
I’ll just… talk to you later, seriously.
Just leave it alone, Ren, alright, you don’t have to hear everything.
I don’t have to hear everything, but I want to hear everything.
It’s not a big deal, really. Forget about it.
Okayy.
Oh and okay, Jonas, now that we’re dumpster buddies, what *was* the thing you said to Alex back there?
Do you like have one of those vestigial tails or something.
Oh, Jonas is just nervous about moving in with a strange girl in a strange town and fitting in and every stupid cliche you can think of.
I’m not... that’s not what it was, really. I just like to take the time to make proper introductions, that’s all.
Okay.
Hey.
I don't really know.
No, I think you are.
Yeah. Hi.
Hi.
Yeah, everyone, this is Jonas. Jonas, everyone.
Hey.
I can barely remember that I take American History, so… don’t be offended that I can’t remember where you sit.
No, it’s fine.
What does it look like I’m doing.
Ummm.....
We started a fire down the way, but... Nona wanted to play beach nanny, so…
I just wanted to make sure you guys saw where we were before it got too dark.
We’re back behind the rocks.
Oh, that was nice. You didn’t have to do that.
It's alright.
Oh, I’m sure we would’ve found it.
Yeah, no, it was no problem spotting you, so… but thanks...
Oh yeah, what’d you call it? Tanksgiving?
And Jonas, that’s...
Wait, I was saying… I was about to tell a story, what was it?
About Brad’s car?
Oh, well… that can wait.
Wait, Clarissa’s here? Isn’t there like a small animal you should be torturing somewhere?
Okay...
Scribbles, the family duck, died a week ago, so... no, not really. But it’s a *pleasure* to see you, too, Alex.
You had a “family duck?”
Um, do you two...
It’s, uh, not as cold as I thought it would be.
Who are you again?
Jonas.
Jonas.
Who are you.
That's Jonas.
He’s Alex’s new in town, fresh as a daisy step-brother.
Step-brother?
Really?
Yeah, I know, it's a trip, right?
Uh, yep.
Yeah, this is his first night here so everybody be on your best behavior.
Treat him as you would a scary dog. Palms out.
That’s... I don’t bite, it’s fine.
Yes, he’s a cool guy from cool North Valley, so let’s all try and show him a good time.
Just the beach and some beer will be enough, I’m sure.
Yes, you’d think he’d be a little old to need a babysitter, but… here we are.
[laughs]
Yeah, if I don’t have anyone to burp me it becomes a real issue.
Alex, c'mon, we're not there yet.
Yeah, so...
Wait wait wait. You’re Jonas. Jonas the step-brother.
Yeah, Uh, what's your name, again?
*That* is Clarissa, but she’s...
How are you her step-brother?
Like, what does that even mean?
Um...
My mom married his dad, so… family law and all.
I’ll give you three guesses.
Her mom’s getting remarried, that’s all, she’s getting remarried to a guy and that’s the guy’s son, so… domino… effect…
Her mom is marrying my dad. So… you know…
Alex, don’t you want to get to the fire, c’mon.
Cool?
Yeah, well, I guess this is happening now! This is a thing that is happening, so... where’s everyone else?
Nicole had that tennis thing.
And?
Who else was supposed to come?
Anyone. Everyone.
There’s, uh, nobody else coming. We’re it.
What.
Clarissa, we… We took the last ferry. I thought more would show up but...
Oh my God. It’s just Alex and her new step brother?
That’s it, that’s who you brought?
That's the group?
Oh, c’mon, Clarissa, I’m fun! I’m hip! I’m with it!
Listen to yourself!
Clarissa, c’mon. Don’t be mean, this is supposed to be fun.
Who said I’m not having any fun? I’m having fun. This is like friggin’ candy land, right now.
Clarissa, seriously, who even invited you?
Uh, I did.
Actually...
Ren invited Nona and Nona invited me, though begged me would maybe be the better way to put it.
I didn’t- I didn’t really beg...
Wait, aren’t you all, like, friends?
I’m friends with Nona and I’m downgrading Ren to like a creepy neighbor.
And you I just met.
Yeah, I’m getting the picture now.
Hey, what about me?
What about you.
Well SORRY.
I accept your apology.
Just nevermind.
Oh, I get it, I'm not even on the spectrum.
What did I do!
Thanks.
You see, Jonas, normally this is like a twenty deep rager, but… Pat had a party last weekend and...
And a bunch of kids got caught teepeeing the school.
But this is great. Right? We’re on Edward’s Island. Forget those losers who couldn’t handle the weekend, who didn’t think we’d make it, who lost my invitation, who had to go on family...
Faster.
We’ve been hearing about this for years and now *we’re* gonna do it.
This is gonna be amazing. Right?
Right, guys?
Yay! Awesomeness!
Yeah!
Yeah! The beach! Island stuff!
Speaking of that doofus, I gotta send Brad a picture of the view to make him jealous.
Idiot didn’t want to come out for, uh, what’d you call it, Ren? Tanksgiving?
[laughing a little]
As of, what? A week ago?
But, yeah, Jonas is now Alex’s stepbrother.
So you’re telling me it’s just Alex and Jonas…
That’s it, that’s who we’re workin’ with.
Look, the only reason I’m ticked is that I thought it’d be the usual, you know, actual *party*.
This is like a… box social.
Whatever, this’ll be fun, I think it’ll be fun.
Where's the bottle opener.
Fire! Man’s great equalizer!
So what’s the, uh, what’s the, like, thing to do here...
Other than obviously go skinny dipping and get murdered by Jason Krueger.
Yeah, I think it’s just whatever.
I mean, there’s the camp site, the caves…
The fort, I mean, I heard that's fun to look around...
We should explore the island. I mean, if this is pretty much a one-time thing, we shouldn’t waste it...
I’m up for pretty much whatever, so…
Oh, Christ.
Hey, where does that old woman live?
Oh... Maggie Adler?
Yeah.
Nowhere. She's dead.
What?
Yep. Keeled over three days ago. It was all over the news.
Local news, anyway.
“Oldest living resident.“
Family’s been movin’ back and forth on the ferry getting all of her crap.
That’s sort of a bummer.
Yeah, well, we all gotta go sometime. In her case, later than sooner.
Hey, we can go see her house. It must be huge, she was rich as a...
No we can’t see her house, there’s a giant fence and I don’t wanna tear my jeans trying to climb it.
Man, really?
And to answer your previous question, Jonas, the “thing to do,“ is lay on the beach and drink till you can’t remember where you are.
Hey, Alex, you brought the radio, right?
The little portable one?
Yeah, of course.
Perfect. Can you pull it out for a second?
What radio?
That little... you know, the little... it almost looks like a *toy*, the... oh. Oh, you're joking.
Just bring it out, will you.
There's the little guy.
Our high school has a radio station and Carly’s... well, she’s a friend of ours... she's filling in because Reggie got mono from some track runner or something.
It doesn't matter, what *matters* is that she's gonna say something like... *basically* right now about our thing, so...
Tune it to 88.3 so I can tell her we heard it.
It's, uh, to the *left* of the dial.
88.3
If we miss it, I'll never hear the end from her.
Alex, for the love of all that is holy, it's 88.3!
Haha, that's awesome!
Yeah, let's just get drunk. It's supposed to be a party, right?
Anyway, she's going to give us a shoutout.
Tune it to 88.3.
*Anyhoo*, yeah, Maggie or *Margaret* or whatever Adler died Wednesday.
So she obviously doesn’t live here anymore.
Well only by the strictest definition.
How about we just, uh, hang out… or something? I just don’t wanna get too nuts tonight...
Eh, the zaniest thing on the docket is the 4 AM skinny dip with the...
No.
No.
I mean 4 AM clothed swim time.
Hey. Clarissa seems to be her normal, annoying self. Sorry about that.
Eh, it’s not your fault.
I think somebody dumped pig’s blood on her in a previous life and now she just wants to get ahead of the curve.
Yeah. Probably.
Yeah, what’s her *deal* anyway?
I don’t know, that woman’s perpetually on her period.
Ugh.
Ren!
It’s true! Kind of.
Ren! I’m standing right here.
Oh, you know, I keep forgetting you’re a girl…
Just know, ya know, it’s not about you, it’s her own messed up crap and whatever.
Thanks for, uh, not… ratting me out to Nona during the, uh, the game.
I didn’t *think* you would, but you could've and you didn't. So, thanks.
You know, you could’ve, and you didn’t, so thanks.
Yeah, I mean, I wouldn’t throw you in the deep end or anything… not like a certain person who yelled at Andrew Finnegan about a certain Junior High dance right in the middle of gym class.
*That* was a joke. And he agreed, so. No regrets.
Well, you can make the checks out to CASH. We’ll have an installment plan.
Whatever it takes!
Oh, and what the *Hell* was up with you and the whole Nona thing with the game?
I mean, okay, fine, fun is fun, but…
I’m trying to get in with this girl and it was as if you liked making me look like an idiot.
Look, Ren, she told me… to tell you… that… she’s not in the mood for a relationship.
It’s a game called “Truth or Slap,” Ren, it’s supposed to be a goof. I thought you’d laugh!
Why would I laugh at that!
It really sucked, actually.
I’m sorry, I am, I… I was just trying to have fun. I didn’t know you would take it so seriously.
Just get over it, man, she’s gonna forget all about it by tomorrow morning.
Jonas, you think she’s gonna just “forget about it?”
Uh, yeah. That type of thing never... sticks.
Sure, okay.
It’s fine, I’m sure by tomorrow she’ll have forgotten all about it.
I hope so. Geez. Just… be a little less rough next time.
Yeah, but, ya know... it was a little… much.
In hindsight, I realize that. And… you know, sorry. Again.
Well… I am. I mean, I do, but… it’s fine, I’ll just have to work the ol’ Ren charm even stronger now.
Gross, c'mon.
Yeah, that'll work.
I heard that.
Yeah… Ren… about Nona…
Yeah, what the *Hell* was up with you and the whole me liking her during with the game?
What? Did she say anything?
Because if she said anything you should tell me. Like... word for word.
Like, word for word.
Mayybbe you should… give her a little space, you know?
Really? I thought you girls liked to be pursued.
No, no, we like a challenge, we like something to *catch*. That’s why they call it a “catch.”
Oohhh, alright... I like where your head’s at.
No, you should play a little hard to get, aloof, *mysterious*.
Yeah, I agree. I mean, what do you got to lose? Right?
I think you should go for it.
Oh yeah?
Yeah. I mean, You only live once, so…
Girls like to feel, uh, *wanted* you know? We wanna be romanced, we don’t wanna play games.
Yeah, I agree. I mean, what do you got to lose? Right?
Well, I guess nothing except for my sense of self worth. But makes sense to me!
She told me… to tell you… that… she’s not in the mood for a relationship.
What do you like about her, anyway?
I, uhhh… I don’t know, I just think she’s hot.
Cute! And I dunno… she’s cool, that’s all. I just like her whole vibe.
Okay.
Alright, but I mean, there *are* other fish out there. Big ones. Whales.
Ummm... sure.
Noooo… Really? Man, I *knew* when Clarissa dug in that it would screw the whole thing up with her.
What do you, uh, see in this girl anyway?
Ugh, this is so embarrassing.
Ughgghg.
It’s not about you, it’s nothing personal, it’s just… where *her* priorities are, I guess.
Seriously, forget about it.
Yeah, you’re right, who cares. I’ll get over it.
There’s other girls out there, Ren. It’s not like little hamster girl *Nona* is, like, the *one* for you.
Look, if it’s any consolation, I told her to think about it, so… the door isn’t entirely closed, yet, I don’t think.
Okay. Okay, thanks.
Well… thanks for telling me. I guess. It’s super annoying, but whatever.
Now who’s ready to have their minds *blown*?
If you don’t mean that literally...
I am?
Me me me!
Yeah, the ceiling will be painted with our gray matter, I’m sure.
Just get on with it. What do I do.
Oh, wait, actually… I almost forgot…
Gonna take a little magic trip to cupcake town.
Those... look like brownies.
Brownie town.
Nevermind, that sounds worse.
C’mon, Ren, the last thing I want is to have to chase your frail, screaming body into the ocean because you want to pet fish or something.
What, Jonas is gonna do it, too! Right? Jonas? Mi comida su comida.
Uh, no thanks. I’m with her on the whole… not flipping out and drowning myself thing.
Okay...
Oh, you’re the only one? Gimme.
Ho hoooo no, these are *just* for me. I’ve been waiting a *long* time for this.
Yeah, maybe it’s best he’s the test balloon for this, anyway...
“Magic?” What does that mean?
It means they’re… *enhanced*... with certain… qualities.
Mph. Maybe just… don’t eat too much...
No promises!
Delicious.
Okay, so… see these little piles of rocks? The kids before us always leave ‘em here so you know where to try to tune in the “signals.”
So you’re gonna wanna stand *basically* right... around... here.
And just tune the dial left or right until you start hearing the weirdness.
Just… just pump the brakes a little on the whole Nona thing, okay? I’m sorry I ever mentioned it in the first place.
[laughs]
Oh, I forgot, we never talked about John.
Oh, what, their date?
Yeah, he, uh... they went to that weird carnival?
How’d he even get Jenny out of the house.
I don’t know.
So what happened.
They just... it was funny, I guess, they tried to order drinks and they, like, she wanted something... like a named thing.
Oh God.
Yeah, like a... like some weird cocktail or something.
And they didn’t know what she was talking about.
And John of course is all nervous and they basically got kicked out. So they didn’t even get to see any of like the stuff.
That’s... yeah, of course that’s how it went.
When was the last time you were here?
Uh… a year... two years ago.
Really?
Yeah, it’s… been a while. But whatever.
Wait, what was that?
What was what?
You didn’t see that?\r\n
Oh my God, please don’t mess with me.
Cause in about two minutes I won’t be able to handle it.
No, I saw it. The light, right?
Yeah.
See what?
Okay, ha ha, you scared us, you… uh, *jokester* you.
No, I *actually* saw something. It was like, a...
*That*. What *is* that.
There's like... this is gonna sound stupid but there's like something in here.
Famous last words, famous last words, I called it.
No, there’s...
No, I see it, too.
Yeah, what *is* that?
I’m sure there *is* something in there, like... a giant rabies filled bat or... a... maniac who wears mannequin wigs...
Orrrr a... it kinda looks like a *pool* or something. Like a fresh water one, maybe?
Let’s check it out.
It's not that far in.
Oh boy.
No *way* am I sticking my *head* in a *hole*. There could be *anything* in there.
There isn’t “anything”, it’s this thing, and... look, I can’t mistake water for a rat family or something.
Rat family. Mr. and Mrs. Ratigan.
If it’s a pool, that’d be cool. I, uh, didn’t mean that to rhyme.
Cool pool.
Uhh… yeah, I have this *thing* about crawling into strange, dark, wet places that might cave in at any moment.
It’s not gonna... c’mon, I can *see* it from here, it’s not that far. We’ll be in and out.
In and out.
Fortune favors the bold.
Bye.
That was an odd image.
The cave just ate him.
Jonas! Don't!
Wait a minute! Jonas!
Well… I am… going to just rest against here… because I *think*... I mismeasured… the… *magic*.
I think you mean brownie.
I think *you* mean... uh, yeah.
No, c’mon, get up, help me get Jonas before he hurts himself.
Uhhhh… I don’t think I can really… do anything right now. At least for a few hours.
What?!
Hours?!
Ya know. The stuff?
[sigh]
Yeah, you do that.
Do what?
Thanks for making the fire.
Yeah, sure. Gotta put those Owl Scout lessons to use.
Uh, thanks for the beer.
Tell your cousin it was nice.
Eh, she owed me. I lied about where she was so she could see her boyfriend, *Richard.* I mean *Dick*.
But you’re welcome.
You know… Ren… he’s like, kinda like totally into you.
Yeah, no crap.
The guy was practically humping her leg when he asked her to this.
No, he wasn't.
He was fine.
Hey Nona, did you hear? Ren is like “totally into you.”
Shut up.
Okay, I wasn’t even talking to you, so…
Oh, my *apologies*. I thought we were *all* just talking.
Didn’t realize it was a classified conversation.
But please, carry on.
Okay, you’re right, that was mean, I’m sorry.
Hey, mark down the date, she’s being nice to me.
Look, can you just stay out of this? It’s not about you.
Everything is about *you* when you’re *you*, dear. If I wasn’t hearing it, I wouldn’t give a damn.
It's okay, guys.
Nona, Ren’s a great guy. And there’s no pressure or anything, but… I just wanna put in a good word for him... for whatever it’s worth.
Nona, Ren’s… he’s harmless, okay?
He can come off a little weird and I know he clips his toenails in gym class but his house is like *right* under those power lines, so...
Look, Nona… now that we’re not playing that stupid game. What do you really think about Ren?
You already know what she thinks about him.
Honestly… it just depends what you mean.
Uhhh.... what do you mean.
You still wanna know what I think about Ren? Cause I’m gonna need to know what you mean first...
You know… as a boyfriend.
Oh. That.
You know, just in… general, I guess.
He’s… neat, I guess. Sometimes he acts a little weird, but… weird is good, it’s better than normal.
For God's sakes, it's obvious what she means. He likes her. Right?
Look, Alex… Ren seems... nice? And... I know he’s your friend and, you know, whatever but... I’m just not in the mood for… something, right now. So, if you could just, like, tell him that?
Just so he like doesn’t get his… hopes up or… whatever.
I’d appreciate it.
Yeah, I was just saying... just if you could tell Ren I’m not interested right now…
That would be great.
Nona, c’mon, be a big girl here. You can tell him if you're not into it.
Whatever. I thought it would be better coming from a *friend*, but yeah, sure.
Yeah. Sure thing.
Thanks.
Just… just think about it, will you? He’s not a bad guy.
I know. But… you think about it, too.
Think about dating him?
*No*, think about telling him I'm not into so he doesn't like get his hopes up or whatever.
Oh.
You look... relaxed.
I am relaxed.
Clarissa, seriously… what’s your problem?
Nothing’s wrong, Alex. And even if something *was* wrong... there is no problem on the face of the Earth that cannot be solved by what I’m doing right now.
What's that.
Staring into forever.
Meditating?
Yeah, sure.
Clarissa, I wanna be friends. Can we be friends?
This is like a very special episode of Fart Date.
[laughs]
I'm friends with everybody, Alex, alright? Relax.
Are you alright? Did something happen today or something?
Something happens every day.
Ren?
Shunnah... funnah?
Forget it.
Island livin', huh.
Uh, yep.
Get any reception, or...
No, not really.
Look, I’m sorry about all that… *drama* over nothing...
No, nah, it’s fine. How are you doing?
Uh, fine. I’ve known Clarissa long enough that… she needs to really go deep into her bag of tricks to tick me off.
Good.
Honestly I’m kinda annoyed right now. Clarissa has a way of just digging her claws in, ya know?
Yeah, I feel like I kinda do know now after the game. But, it’s fine, forget about it.
Pissed. But, I mean, she has to live with herself and I don’t so… I win.
Good point.
Just gonna bottle your anger, huh? Okay, but don’t, like, explode it on me in like an hour or something.
I, uh, didn’t realize our cell phones wouldn’t work on the island. I kinda promised my Dad I’d call him.
He never used to be this, uh, *needy*, but… since my Mom died he’s kinda shortened the leash on me a bit.
He’s gonna be kinda pissed.
Not a good way to start the move, huh?
Oh, he’ll be fine. He knows you’re with me.
I think that’s what he’s worried about.
He has my mom, so…
Ugh, *that’s* where you go?
Not like that! I just mean, you know, he has somebody else to talk to!
Oh, okay, yeah I guess that makes sense.
Yeah, I shoulda warned you. The technology here… I think they just got, like, mechanical pens, so...
Eh, it's no big deal, don't worry about it.
I’m gonna just write a text to him so in case I wander into a couple of bars or something, he might get it.
Uh, I was just saying that my dad’s gotten kinda needy, that’s all… since my Mom passed.
Let’s hop this thing and check in with Ren.
Alright, let’s do it.
C’mon, I’ll push you over.
Whenever you’re ready.
Unless I get a crink in my back, which…
Might happen if you don’t go soon.
So… the cave… what’s your bet. On a scale of one to ten, how weird is it gonna be?
I dunno. A one? Ren’s pulled me into a closet to look at a broom he swore looked like Abraham Lincoln, so… adjust your expectations accordingly.
Alright.
Probably a five. Weird enough to remember, but... not weird enough to tell anybody about it after.
It’s Ren, so definitely ten. He gets excited easily, but… he has the concentration of a goldfish.
The fact that he keeps demanding we see it must mean something.
I’m goin’ with eight. I think Ren knows his caves.
Oh, hey, I guess good bye!
I can still hear you.
Just forget it.
Oh, sorry, I get... sometimes I get antsy. I have like *no* attention span.
I can see that.
Really? Again? Fine.
Sorry, I have like *no* attention span, it’s not your fault.
I know.
Uh, alright, see you later!
Oh. Bye!
Hey, where's this gate go to?
Uh, kitten, we’re playing a game here?! Be social and come play.
We’re not the tour guide!
How’d you get the fire started?\r\n
“We are the fire starter!“
A lighter.
We are truly marvels of modern science.
If it wasn’t so cold, I’d want to go swimming.
Yeah, I’m always surprised it stays as warm as it does in the summer…
[laughs]
No, it’s alright, Nona. It’s like a little one act play. “I Wanna Fit In: The Alex Story.”
How will we… know when it’s…
You'll know, trust me.
So just pull out your radio...
Any day...
While we're young...
Seriously, Alex, just pull out your radio and tune it.
Holy crap.
Wow, it’s even cooler than I thought it would be.
This is insane.
How… how is this… how can this be possible?
Maybe the tuning’s, like, unblocking a weather balloon or something…
That doesn’t make any sense.
Well it’s just crazy, then, cause I don’t know.
What… is it? What’s doing it?
It... it must be... uh... like....
*My* running theory has always been like traffic reports from another galaxy, but… you know…
If you move around it kind of changes, too... I think. Like… over at *this* pile… come over here and try it.
This is so cool.
I know!
Clarissa and Nona should see this. Right? I mean, I know it’s like *weird* with you guys or whatever for some reason, but...
They... they’re fine where they are.
Okay, just what is Clarissa’s issue with you two.
Really.
It’s not… an “issue” with me… persay.
She dated Michael for *five* seconds, like, *three* years ago.
It was for a couple months a year and a half ago.
Who cares, it doesn’t matter.
Clarissa dated her brother, Mike, for a little while way back when.
The *problem* is that she’s a monster who can’t help monstering out on everybody.
It's just...
It’s no big deal, though.
Just ignore it.
Whatever! She never liked me, not even then!
I was always the little sister who got in the way, who she had to climb in through windows to sneak around.
She should just seriously get over it already.
Clarissa’s the kind of person who doesn’t feel “full” unless she’s pissed at somebody, so…
Oof. The brownies are kickin’ in. Did that make sense?
[laughs]
Enough sense.
Yeah, it did to me.
Okay, good.
Kind of. I got it.
Are you... okay?
I think so.
Tell me if I start talking too much. Or not enough.
Now there’s another cool spot, I think, over here…
If you wanna bring it on over.
Bring the noise, as they say...
God, it sounds... so...
Yeah, it sounds, uh....
Uhhh.......
Ummm......
Satanic.
Not what I was gonna say, but… close enough.
It’s freaking me out, a little.
Yeah.
It sounds… like, painful.
I’m just gonna go with blood-curdling.
Wow! What was that?!
God, you don’t even give a guy some warning!
Wait, what’d you just eat?
A somewhat magic brownie but, uh, don’t worry about it, the important thing is that with these rocks, you can tune, and this weird stuff happens!
It’s really... it’s crazier than I thought it would be, really.
I don’t get it.
This is the thing, you tune into these rocks and this weird stuff happens.
Guess we’re not going in there again. Whatever happened must have... caved in the opening.
Hey no, Alex, wrong way, that’s back to town, we’re going to the beach.
That’s down here.
I know, but I... I wanna look around Main Street some more. We kinda flew right past it.
You’ll have every second of time later, let’s set up, like, home base first.
Oh, alright.
Alex, seriously, that’s the wrong way, you can’t get to the beach from there.
Fine by me.
Thanks for making the fire.
Yeah, sure. Gotta put those Owl Scout lessons to use.
Uh, thanks for the beer.
Tell your cousin it was nice.
Eh, she owed me. I lied about where she was so she could see her boyfriend, *Richard.* I mean *Dick*.
But you’re welcome.
You know, seriously… Ren… he’s like, kinda like totally into you.
Yeah, no crap.
The guy was practically humping her leg when he asked her to this.
No, he wasn't.
He was fine.
Hey Nona, did you hear? Ren is like “totally into you.”
Shut up.
Okay, I wasn’t even talking to you, so…
Oh, my *apologies*. I thought we were *all* just talking.
Didn’t realize it was a classified conversation.
But please, carry on.
Okay, you’re right, that was mean, I’m sorry.
Hey, mark down the date, she’s being nice to me.
Look, can you just stay out of this? It’s not about you.
Everything is about *you* when you’re *you*, dear. If I wasn’t hearing it, I wouldn’t give a damn.
It's okay.
Nona, Ren’s a great guy. And there’s no pressure or anything, but… I just wanna put in a good word for him... for whatever it’s worth.
Nona, Ren’s… he’s harmless, okay?
He can come off a little weird and I know he clips his toenails in gym class but his house is like *right* under those power lines, so...
Look, Nona… now that we’re not playing that stupid game. What do you really think about Ren?
You already know what she thinks about him.
Honestly… it depends what you mean.
Uhhh.... depends what you mean.
You still wanna know what I think about Ren? Cause I’m gonna need to know what you mean first...
You know… as a boyfriend.
Oh. That.
You know, just in… general, I guess.
He’s… neat, I guess. Sometimes he acts a little weird, but… weird is good, it’s better than normal.
For God's sakes, it's obvious what she means. He likes her. Right?
Look, Alex… Ren seems... nice? And... I know he’s your friend and, you know, whatever but... I’m just not in the mood for… something, right now. So, if you could just, like, tell him that?
Just so he like doesn’t get his… hopes up or… whatever.
I’d appreciate it.
Yeah, I was just saying... just if you could tell Ren I’m not interested right now…
That would be great.
Nona, c’mon, be a big girl here. You can be straight with him.
Well, I thought it would be better coming from a *friend*, but yeah, sure.
Yeah. Sure thing.
Thanks.
Just… just think about it, will you? He’s not a bad guy.
I know. But… you think about it, too.
Think about dating him?
*No*, think about telling him to, like, not think we’re gonna date.
Oh.
You look... relaxed.
I am relaxed.
Clarissa, seriously… what’s wrong.
Nothing’s wrong, Alex. And even if something *was* wrong... there is no problem on the face of the Earth that cannot be solved by what I’m doing right now.
What's that.
Staring into forever.
Meditating?
Yeah, sure.
Clarissa, I wanna be friends. Can we be friends?
This is like a very special episode of Fart Date.
[laughs]
I'm friends with everybody, Alex, alright? Relax.
Are you alright? Did something happen today or something?
Something happens every day.
Ren?
Shunnah... funnah?
Forget it.
Island livin', huh.
Uh, yep.
Get any reception, or...
No, not really.
Look, I’m sorry about all that… *drama* over nothing...
No, nah, it’s fine. How are you doing?
Uh, fine. I’ve known Clarissa long enough that… she needs to really go deep into her bag of tricks to tick me off.
Good.
Honestly I’m kinda annoyed right now. Clarissa has a way of just digging her claws in, ya know?
Yeah, I feel like I kinda do know now after the game. But, it’s fine, forget about it.
Pissed. But, I mean, she has to live with herself and I don’t so… I win.
Good point.
Just gonna bottle your anger, huh? Okay, but don’t, like, explode it on me in like an hour or something.
I, uh, didn’t realize our cell phones wouldn’t work on the island. I kinda promised my Dad I’d call him.
He never used to be this, uh, *needy*, but… since my Mom died he’s kinda shortened the leash on me a bit.
He’s gonna be kinda pissed.
Not a good way to start the move, huh?
Oh, he’ll be fine. He knows you’re with me.
I think that’s what he’s worried about.
He has my mom, so…
Ugh, *that’s* where you go?
Not like that! I just mean, you know, he has somebody else to talk to!
Oh, okay, well I guess that makes sense.
Yeah, I shoulda warned you. The technology here… I think they just got, like, mechanical pens, so...
Eh, it's no big deal, don't worry about it.
I’m gonna just write a text to him so in case I wander into a couple of bars or something, you know, he might get it.
Uh, I was just saying that my dad’s gotten kinda needy, that’s all… since my Mom passed.
Let’s hop this thing and check in with Ren.
Alright, let’s do it.
C’mon, I’ll push you over.
Whenever you’re ready.
Unless I get a crink in my back, which…
Might happen if you don’t go soon.
So… the cave… what’s your bet. On a scale of one to ten, how weird is it gonna be?
I dunno. A one? Ren’s pulled me into a closet to look at a broom he swore looked like Abraham Lincoln, so… adjust your expectations accordingly.
Alright.
Probably a five. Weird enough to remember, but... not weird enough to tell anybody about it after.
It’s Ren, so definitely ten. He gets excited easily, but… he has the concentration of a goldfish.
The fact that he keeps demanding we see it must mean something.
I’m goin’ with eight. I think Ren knows his caves.
Oh, hey, I guess good bye!
I can still hear you.
Just forget it.
Oh, sorry, I get... sometimes I get antsy. I have like *no* attention span.
I can see that.
Really? Again? Fine.
Sorry, I have like *no* attention span, it’s not your fault.
I know.
Uh, alright, see you later!
Oh. Bye!
Hey, where's this gate go to?
Uh, kitten, we’re playing a game here?! Be social and come play.
We’re not the tour guide!
How’d you get the fire started?\r\n
“We are the fire starter!“
A lighter.
We are truly marvels of modern science.
If it wasn’t so cold, I’d want to go swimming.
Yeah, I’m always surprised it stays as warm as it does in the summer…
[laughs]
No, it’s alright, Nona. It’s like a little one act play. “I Wanna Fit In: The Alex Story.”
How will we… know when it’s…
You'll know, trust me.
So just pull out your radio...
Any day...
While we're young...
Seriously, Alex, just pull out your radio and tune it.
Holy crap.
Wow, it’s even cooler than I thought it would be.
This is insane.
How… how is this… how can this be possible?
Maybe the tuning’s, like, unblocking a weather balloon or something…
That doesn’t make any sense.
Well it’s just crazy, then, cause I don’t know.
What… is it? What’s doing it?
It... it must be... uh... like....
*My* running theory has always been like traffic reports from another galaxy, but… you know…
If you move around it kind of changes, too... I think. Like… over at *this* pile… come over here and try it.
This is so cool.
I know!
Clarissa and Nona should see this. Right? I mean, I know it’s like *weird* with you guys or whatever for some reason, but...
They... they’re fine where they are.
Okay, just what is Clarissa’s issue with you two.
Really.
It’s not… an “issue” with me…
Per say...
She dated Michael for *five* seconds, like, *three* years ago.
It was for a couple months a year and a half ago.
Who cares, it doesn’t matter.
Clarissa dated her brother, Mike, for a little while way back when.
The *problem* is that she’s a monster who can’t help monstering out on everybody.
It's just...
It’s no big deal, though.
Just ignore it.
Whatever! She never liked me, not even then!
I was always the little sister who got in the way, who she had to climb in through windows to sneak around.
She should just seriously get over it already.
Clarissa’s the kind of person who doesn’t feel “full” unless she’s pissed at somebody, so…
Oof. The brownies are kickin’ in. Did that make sense?
[laughs]
Enough sense.
Yeah, it did to me.
Okay, good.
Kind of. I got it.
Are you... okay?
I think so.
Tell me if I start talking too much. Or not enough.
Now there’s another cool spot, I think, over here…
If you wanna bring it on over.
Bring the noise, as they say...
God, it sounds... so...
Yeah, it sounds, uh....
Uhhh.......
Ummm......
Satanic.
Not what I was gonna say, but… close enough.
It’s freaking me out, a little.
Yeah.
It sounds… like, painful.
I’m just gonna go with blood-curdling.
Wow! What was that?!
God, you don’t even give a guy some warning!
Wait, what’d you just eat?
A somewhat magic brownie but, uh, don’t worry about it, the important thing is that with these rocks, you can tune, and this weird stuff happens!
It’s really... it’s crazier than I thought it would be, really.
I don’t get it.
This is the thing, you tune into these rocks and this weird stuff happens.
And sometimes we play Truth or Slap.
Yeah! Let’s play that!
We can inaugurate Jonas.
Ease him into the night’s festivities.
Truth or “Slap“? What’s that?
We used to call it Hippo until we got tired of people asking, “Why’s it called Hippo?”
Because you get to yell, “You’re a dirty hippo,” before you slap someone.
Isn’t it, uh, Truth or Dare?
This is better than Truth or Dare because nobody ends up licking somebody’s butthole. \r\n
You get asked a question, you have to tell the truth, but if somebody can prove that you lied the accuser gets to slap you.
It’s a good, uh, getting to know somebody game.
Unless you lie a lot.
Then it’s just a good hitting game.
Yeah, fun. Any excuse to hit Ren. \r
Hey, I’m the truthiest truth who ever truthed a...
Alright, let’s just get on with it!
How can you prove that somebody lied?
Hearsay, rumor, conjecture… the usual.
Uh, alright, I’m in. Let’s do it.
I haven’t played this since I was like… ten. Can’t we do something else?
C’mon, it’s a good way to start out the night. One round?
It’ll help everybody relax.
It’ll help everybody relax.
The booze will do that, too.
Fine, let’s all smack the taste out of our mouths, I guess.
Hurray!
Maybe I’ll just be an innocent bystander...
Well… I guess if you really want...
Yeah, let’s do it, how do we, uh, kick it off?
Okay, so first we're gonna...
I’ll start!
Ren!
Uh huh....
C’mon, fess up. You wanna go out with Nona, right?
Clarissa!
Wait wait wait, I wanna hear his answer.
Uhhhh....
Clarissa, c’mon, you’re supposed to ask like, “Have you ever stole something…” not super weirdo probing stuff.
You ask probing stuff if you play the game *right*, Alex.
Oooh man, you’re good at this.
If being *good* means being kinda mean about it…
It’s just, I mean… go *out* could mean so many different things…
Okay, that’s... Clarissa, you know what, ask me something instead, anything you want.
Oh, really? I thought you were just watching.
You can’t just jump in and out as your heart sees fit, dear.
It's okay, Alex.
Well look, I changed my mind, okay! I wanna play.
And you’ll get your turn *after* Reginald answers the question!
Oh yeah… I, uh, forgot I said that.
You’ll get your turn *after* Reginald answers the question.
Look, it's tough to gauge, uh, something like...
Enough stalling! I know you wanna sample the goods, now just say so.
No, I mean, I... I like her as a friend, right? That’s... I just like her as a friend.
That’s all, she’s cool, she’s... she’s just a friend.
Oh yeah right!
Okay, thank you, Clarissa, this was very enjoyable.
Oh stop.
Alright, great, let’s just move on.
Let’s ease off the throttle for the next one, okay, Clarissa?
Yeah.
What? This game isn’t any fun if you don’t get a stomach ache.
We all know he’s lying, we just can’t prove it.
I’m not lying!
Whatever, man.
Liar! Liar! He’s lying! He totally likes her!
What?! Alex, c’mon, what are you doing?!
I knew it! You can practically smell it on him.
Can we just drop this please?
I’m kidding, relax. Last I heard, he’s still pining for Lindsey, his secret Canadian girlfriend.
Yeah… well.. I have a thing for hockey, so…
Sure.
He... *you* told me you liked her! Why’d you even *try* to cover, you *knew* I knew, I’m standing right here.
Because you said you weren’t even playing!
And then she changed her mind!
Oh, c'mon!
She can jump in, it’s only the first round.
Because I asked you to be cool about it and now you’re being, like, whatever the complete opposite of cool is! Hot! But in a bad way!
Alright, Alex, you get first blood. Slap him like he stole something.
I can’t believe this is happening.
This really doesn’t...
Hush. This is for your honor. Watch and relish.
If you’re gonna do it, just do it.
Any day…
Alex?
Eh. You’ve suffered enough.
Oh, *thanks*.
And it’s not even my birthday!
Yeah, everything’s coming up Alex, isn’t it!
Alright, that’s it, you can’t leave me in suspense. There’s like a statute of limitations here and time ran out.
Aw, she took pity on you. Like a deformed frog.
Well that’s perfect because that’s what I feel like right now.
Okay, it’s Ren’s turn, right? He gets to ask somebody something?
I wonder who I’m gonna ask… oh, I know! Alex!
Alex, Alex, Alex.
Oh great, here we go.
“What’s your favorite stuffed animal?”
“Professor Snodgrass the Platypus Man.”
I’ll ask a *real* question, okay?
Uh oh.
[laughs]
I just have to think about which nerve I want to so delicately pinch.
Oh please. Shoot. I can take it.
Okay, uh, just... take it easy, alright? Tis all in good fun?
Hey, no partnering up to be pansies.
Silence!
Oh, I’ll take it *easy*. *Very* easy.
For some reason, I don’t think he’s gonna take it easy.
Ren, really, I’m not playing, I just wanna watch.
Oh c’mon, you’re pretty much standing in the prayer circle. I’ll ease you in with a softball.
Ren, I don’t really feel like playing, if that’s alright.
I’m not, uh, playing.... remember?
I, uh, don’t wanna play?
Hahah no no no. You can’t pull that card anymore, sorry. Not after that crap.
Marry, Screw, Kill… me, Nona and Clarissa!
What?!
Why!
It's fun, it's funny, I dunno!
And Jonas is family now technically, so he’s excluded!
Why thank you.
Well, I’d marry Nona… I like the quiet types.
I’m flattered. I think.
Well… I think I’d marry you, actually. We know each other the best, so… not a lot of surprises there.
Perfect! Stay-at-home husband!
I’d probably marry Clarissa.
[laughs]
[laughs]
Okay. Lie. Right there. I mean, *why* in God’s name would you marry me, of all people.
What, you’re a catch!
Redheads are, like, the rarest breed.
She’s not a horse.
Yeah, but still.
Eh, just to make you mad. *And* to get half of your stuff in the divorce.
Ugh, whatever, who cares.
How could I pass up the opportunity to hear this biting *wit* every day.
You can dust the top of my trophy case when I don’t want to drag out the step stool.
Okay, you're going on down the line.
Who'd you do the dirty with.
I’d do Ren. We know each other the best, so… it’d be… like, less weird? And you’re in a band.
Yeah! I knew those bass lessons would come in handy!
Clarissa, obviously.
“Obviously!” You’re not gonna call her on that?
No, I believe her. I mean, look at me.
Nona. She seems like she’d be *present* and *giving* unlike some people here.
Hey, I’m present! I wouldn’t lose my place or nothing, scout’s honor.
Ugh, God, this is such a horrible turn.
Earth to Alex. Mission Control, you read me?
Hey, honey, if you don’t answer, that’s a forfeit, and a forfeit’s the same as a lie, and if it’s the same as a lie, the *penalty’s* the same.
Fine, whatever, I forfeit. You wanna smack me, be my guest.
This is dumb, okay? It's dumb, c'mon.
Okay, clearly you’re not gonna answer, so.
She’s uncomfortable, it’s fine, it was a stupid question, anyway, we don’t have to, ya know, incur the wrath of whatever.
And wait… wait, that means you’d kill me!
Out of everyone here!
Your best friend!
Oh yeah… sorry. It just worked out that way, I swear!
And I’m the only guy! This is misandry! Misandry, I say!
Okay, settle down.
Hey, you wanted to know!
Which of course means that you’d strangle Clarissa in her sleep if you ever got the chance.
What a shocker.
[laughs]
Yes, I mean, why would you have any control over the words and thoughts coming out of your face.
Hey now, you can’t control a sneeze. And I think this falls more in the realm of bodily function.
Eh, she got what was coming to her.
Yeah, I mean, you did shove her into the community pool in sixth grade.
I did, didn’t I. I was a hilarious kid.
Which means, of course, that you’d smother poor Nona with a pillow.
Really? Nona?
Just heartless.
What'd she ever do to you!
It’s alright. I’d probably kill me, too.
Yeah, she did wear white after Labor Day that one time.
Okay, well march over here like a good girl so I can.
Hey, if you wanna think the game’s dumb, that’s fine. But you’re still getting punished.
So march over here and take it like a big girl.
So... Alex's turn?
Yep, lady’s choice. Alex gets to pick who to ask something of.
Except me, cause I just went.
If she’ll ever pick somebody…
Okay, she’s officially relinquished her picking rights by being an idiot and not saying anything.
Well, uh...
Um, Nona!
Yes?
Alright, let’s uh… make it something, uh… fun and easy now.
Or, you know, actually fun.
Ever, uh, pee in a swimming pool?
Ugh, no!
Super question, you’re like an investigative journalist or something.
Is it that hard to come up with a question to ask me?
Oh my God, if you can’t even speak, your turn gets skipped.
Do you like Ren?
Oh Jesus, can we just stop with the whole me and Nona thing, please?
Of course she doesn’t!
She barely likes anybody, she’s like an amoeba!
One day she’ll reproduce in a cloud of spores!
Thanks.
I’d like to hear this from her, thank you.
No? Not even a little bit?
You don’t have to answer.
I like Ren like a friend, like... it’s... there’s... he’s a nice guy, you’re a nice guy and we goof off and... you know?
Tada! All is right with the world.
Oh shut up.
Does Clarissa ever do anything that just, like, really annoys the crap out of you, or…
[giggles]
Think carefully now.
Um… you sometimes tap your nails on things when you’re, uh, bored.
[cackling]
What?! I barely do that.
It’s more than... it’s like a lot, you do it a lot.
That’s it!? C’mon, didn’t she like get to second base with your cousin or something?
Hey!
He kissed me on the cheek when he was six on the swings.
Ha! I knew there had to be something.
Okay, alright, huzzah, you got me, let’s just get on with it.
[laughs]
No, I know exactly what she’s talking about. It’s a tic.
Clarissa.
Oh boy.
Yes, mum?
This is pretty fun just watching, I’ll admit.
Well. Wait.
Do you like anyone? Like like like anyone?
There's no one in school worth liking now.
C’mon!
Ouch.
So no, I don’t. But nice try.
That Santa Claus really is coming to town.
What's your worst fear?
Seriously.
Dying with too many regrets, probably, I don’t know.
Seems reasonable.
I guess...
It's all I can think of on short notice.
Really? Dying with too many regrets is your *worst* fear? Not being trapped in a locker with scorpions or something?
No, because I’m not *five*.
I kind of get that, actually.
Yeah, we’re practically sisters, I can feel it.
If someone were to ask you to describe me… what would you say?
Wow! Really swinging for the fences here...\r
I’d tell them you were an average girl with common thoughts.
Geez, why don’t you say what you really think.
Actually to be honest I expected a lot worse, so…
I’m in a good mood.
Well... I think you're wrong, so.
I haven’t seen much evidence to the contrary, *so*...
Okay, okay, let’s keep it moving.
That’s, like, the meanest thing you can say to someone. *Average*? I’d rather be hated!
No, you think that now, but then you get like an arch-enemy and it becomes a whole thing.
It’s not mean. I could’ve been mean. That wasn’t.
Well, I don’t know what I was expecting, so… okay.
Uh, Jonas.
Yeah huh.
Tell the truth. How do you really feel about your dad marrying my mom and the fact that we’re now defacto organ donors.
Well, unless you turn out to be crazier than you look…
That’d be hard.
...I think it’s… fine.
Only known her one night and is already fine with it. Whatta guy.
I asked you this already and you kind of fluffed me off…
Have I ever been to jail.
I heard a little rumor… somewhere… that you’d maybe… possibly… been to jail?
No, I’ve never been to jail.
Really?
Nope. Not yet. Knock on wood.
Awww. It was more fun thinking you ran blood diamonds or something.
Sorry to disappoint.
Realllyy? Never, never? Never ever, ever?
No, not even ever, ever.
Well, that’s good to know you won’t… fashion my toothbrush into a shiv.
I *guess*.
What do you honestly think about moving here?
Uhhh, I… like it, honestly. People seem nice? I mean, Camena’s a crapload better than Westedge.
Is that where you’re from?
Yeah. It’s... less than great.
Thanks. I like it enough.
Sometimes.
Eh, this town’s not so hot. Little things will start to annoy you like anywhere.
Like the lights on third street.
Why do they take so long! Why?!
What didn’t you like about your hometown?
Everybody’s a farmer or a banker. And nobody did well in anything anyway so it didn’t even matter.
Just like here except for the farming and the banking. And I guess the third one, too.
Nona. You’re up.
Oh! Uh, Clarissa… if you had to get a tattoo, what would it be?
Huh.
A chick riding a motorcycle on fire.
She didn’t ask you.
A dolphin, right? Or a butterfly with like a Native American poem written above it.
A better question would be, “What would she get when the artist refused to draw two dogs eating a dead baby on her forehead?”
A small, black spot, so she could tell everyone it was just a mole.
I’d get like a little Ampersand… on my ring finger. I think I actually *am* gonna get that after I move out. So my parents can’t say no.
Neat.
Is it my question now, then?
Yep.
Okay. Clarissa, uh, last person you made out with.
Oh. Uh...
Maybe something else?
Or, yeah, maybe who’s the last person you, uh, hugged… instead?
What’s the matter. It’s an honest question.
Oh, great, this should be good.
Oh will you all *relax*. I’ve made out with people since... God!
Anyways, um, that would have to be Ryan Fischer, two weeks ago in Iggy’s den.
I knew it!
Yeah, well. He was there and I was tired.
Clarissa’s turn now.
Alex… you got a new brother. Pretty exciting.
I’m sure Jonas is excited, or maybe... “excited” isn’t the right word. Maybe a little overwhelmed with just everything, you know? Unsure…
It’s a lot to take in and adjust to.
I’m, uh, fine with it, really.
Well, as fine as you can be, anyway, right?
He, uh, seems okay? Right? You're okay.
Yeah, but, uh, thanks, I guess.
What’s your point, Clarissa?
Is there, like, a question coming or…?
I’m just saying what Jonas is already thinking, that statistics show if you get divorced once, you’re *probably* gonna get divorced again.
And the fact is your mom divorced your dad, so…
Let’s put his mind at ease and hear why.
I don’t… I don’t really *need* to know the situation before. It's none of my business.
*What* are you talking about? What is this even… what does this have to do with anything?
Why’d your parents get a divorce.
Just so Jonas can hear it from you.
Clarissa. Jonas is *fine*. He’s not a scared puppy, none of that matters.
Well, let’s hear *why* your parents got a divorce in the first place and we’ll see if it matters.
Okay, just… get to whatever point this is getting to.
The point is… why’d your parents get a divorce?
It *is* your business. You’re family now, so… let’s hear it out. Why’d your parents get a divorce, Alex?
Clarissa, I don’t really *care* why they got a divorce, just that Alex’s mom is happy *now*.
But how can we be *sure* unless you know why.
You know why. Michael died and it broke everything and they couldn’t handle it, the end.
Well, now you know, Jonas. Don’t die and everything will be fine.
Okay, Clarissa...
What.
You know, guys, honestly, I think I’m ready to just do pretty much anything else but this game.
They had… it was just issues, like any other marriage, and they just couldn’t get past theirs.
That’s complete crap. I know you know why, *specifically* why, just come out with it.
This isn’t fair. Like, at all.
I went *super easy* on you when it was my turn.
And this is an “easy” one, too! Why’d your parents get divorced! I know you know why!
Of course it’s “fair!” Why’d your parents get divorced! I know you know why!
Silence counts as a lie, Alex.
My brother Michael died and it broke everything and they couldn’t handle it, the end.
I quit, okay. I’m not playing anymore, I don’t care about “winning” if this is what this is.
Go to Hell. That’s my answer. Happy?
Yeah, I won the turn, of course I’m happy.
Alright, you know what? Let’s just stop the game, okay? I think everyone’s ready to do something else.
Wait, let’s... let’s not stop it like this, we should, like...
Game’s over, Ren. I won. And to celebrate I’m gonna sit on the beach and drink and maybe if I’m feeling spicy even take a nap.
Maybe we could...
And that’s exactly what Nona’s gonna do, too.
Man, *what* is you problem, Clarissa? Just what did we... what do *I* do to make you act like I ate the last piece of chocolate cake on your flippin’ birthday.
Nothing, Alex. You did absolutely nothing.
Oh my *God*, you are annoying.
This isn’t me being annoying, this is me being *tired*, there’s a difference.
Fine. Whatever, be Miss Pouty on the beach all night if you want, I’m not gonna let you ruin this for me.
I appreciate your permission to be pouty, thank you.
If you guys in your scavenger hunts or playing ring around the rosey happen to find anything more interesting than a slowly dying starfish… you be sure to just let me know.
Super.
If we find anything more interesting than that, I think we’ll be too involved in our own fun to come get you.
Well wouldn’t you know it, that’s just fine by me.
Yeah, we’ll grab ya if we find any uh…
Island bigfoots.
Island bigfoots, exactly.
Whatever.
Well, *I* wanna inaugurate this bitch by checking out the caves… Nona, wanna come?
Uh… I mean I would, but...
I’m very clingy, Ren.
Fine. Jonas, you’re a strapping young lad, help boost me over the fence. The cave’s just, uh, yonder.
And I guess you expect me to just jump over after.
Well like I said you’re a strapping young lad.
Okay, c'mon.
Alex, you wanna... check out the caves, or...
Uh, in a sec, okay?
Yeah, just let me know.
Yeah, let’s do it. Boost me up?
Yeah, c'mon.
Well, if you wanna, just let me know and we’ll hop over.
For, uh, posterity.
Where are you from again?
It’s a small town near North Valley.
Oh yeah? Is it nice?
If you like bars on the windows.
That counts!
[laughs]
Cheese.
Oh yeahhh. I haven’t played this in ages… I think. But it’s fun, let’s do it.
Um, what do you think of Jonas? The tall, athletic type do anything for ya?
What!
What?
We just met!
Nona doesn’t like *anyone*. She has a collection of *sugar packets*, okay, she’s not the “liking someone” *type*.
DId you, um, have any, like… plans with Michael, or…
Oof, uh...
“Plans?” Like what.
Cause I have no idea what you’re talking about right now.
Did you wanna... like, did you have some scheme to like run away with him or something? I just wanna...
Okay, I’m sure he told you, he told you *everything*, so... I don’t even... ugh, just whatever, yeah, sure, and it couldn’t matter less now.
Haha, this is fun, right guys?
I, uh, I guess I’m thinking just like for the, uh, the future or something? Just like how serious were you...
I… I dunno, just… for anything?
Jesus, we had a *plan* to see some movie the weekend after he died, so... I hope that answers your inane question.
Alex, just where do you...
Okay, alright, there’s no question, so let’s just, uh, let’s keep the dance going, okay?
Jonas… I just... look, I heard this thing somewhere I can’t even remember about you maybe beating up a guy this one time…?
Um… I mean… I don’t wanna lie…
Then don’t.
Okay…
Yeah, I did. But it’s not really an entertaining story and I’m not gonna get into it right now, so.
Fair enough!
Alex, where are you going?
Yeah, we just got started.
Oh, uh… I dunno.
Oh, just, you know… looking around?
Oh, just, you know… looking around?
Oh, sorry, I’m not leaving.
We’re not gonna play until you come back.
Hey, you can’t just walk away! It’s your turn!
No? Watch me!
I’m not leaving. And anyways I can still hear you.
Alex, c’mon. Come back.
Yeah, Alex, it’s not the same without you.
Alex, where do you think you’re going? You’re the one asking!
Yeah, we’re waiting until you get back.
Wait wait wait time out until Alex gets back.
Just... will you just keep playing! I can listen from here!
No you can’t! Be social like the little butterfly that you are!
Gimme a hot minute, okay?
No. Get back here.
Oh, what? You’re just gonna walk away?
Hey, I’m not leaving. I’m just… wandering.
Well wander your ass back here.
For your own sake, you should be *happy* I’m walking away.
We're stopping until you come back here.
Alex! We can’t keep going unless you’re with us.
Alex, seriously, again? Let’s just play without her.
No! Alex, come back!
Alex, will you stop just galloping off! We have a game to play, self-esteem to crush!
Stop leaving, Alex!
Ow!
[laughs]
[laughs]
Geez, I didn't think you had it in you.
Yeah, she’s *full* of surprises! Backstabbing surprises!
Oooh!
Yikes.
A little hard, don’t you think.
Ow! Christ!
It’s called Truth or Slap, not Truth or Lightly Caress Someone’s Face.
Yeah, we know, but still, man.
Okay now, *really*?! You practically dislodged a tooth.
[Laughs] Ow.
See? We’re slap sisters now. All in good fun.
Yeah, uh, good fun.
C'mon, Alex... It's time for your medicine.
Slapping medicine.
It's good for what ails ya.
Alex. Here. Now.
Okay, alright, she doesn't have to get *slapped*, it wasn't even a lie, we can just keep going.
Coward.
I'm not a *coward*, I just don't want to get hit for doing nothing wrong.
Whatever you say.
I didn't even *lie*, Clarissa, it wouldn't be right. That's not the rules.
And sometimes we play Truth or Slap.
Yeah! Let’s play that!
We can inaugurate Jonas.
Ease him into the night’s festivities.
Truth or “Slap“? What’s that?
We used to call it Hippo until we got tired of people asking, “Why’s it called Hippo?”
Because you get to yell, “You’re a dirty hippo,” before you slap someone.
Isn’t it, uh, Truth or Dare?
This is better than Truth or Dare because nobody ends up licking somebody’s butthole. \r\n
You get asked a question, you have to tell the truth, but if somebody can prove that you lied the accuser gets to slap you.
It’s a good, uh, getting to know somebody game.
Unless you lie a lot.
Then it’s just a good hitting game.
Yeah, fun. Any excuse to hit Ren. \r
Hey, I’m the truthiest truth who ever truthed a...
Alright, let’s just get on with it!
How can you prove that somebody lied?
Hearsay, rumor, conjecture… the usual.
Uh, alright, I’m in. Let’s do it.
I haven’t played this since I was like… ten. Can’t we do something else?
C’mon, it’s a good way to start out the night. One round?
It’ll help everybody relax.
It’ll help everybody relax.
The booze will do that, too.
Fine, let’s all smack the taste out of our mouths, I guess.
Hurray!
Maybe I’ll just be an innocent bystander...
Well… I guess if you really want...
Yeah, let’s do it, how do we, uh, kick it off?
Okay, so...
I’ll start!
Ren!
Uh huh....
C’mon, fess up. You wanna go out with Nona, right?
Clarissa!
Wait wait wait, I wanna hear his answer.
Uhhhh....
Clarissa, c’mon, you’re supposed to ask like, “Have you ever stole something…” not super weirdo probing stuff.
You ask probing stuff if you play the game *right*, Alex.
Oooh man, you’re good at this.
If being *good* means being kinda mean about it…
It’s just, I mean… go *out* could mean so many different things…
Okay, that’s... Clarissa, you know what, ask me something instead, anything you want.
Oh, really? I thought you were just watching.
You can’t just jump in and out as your heart sees fit, dear.
It's okay, Alex.
Well look, I changed my mind, okay! I wanna play.
And you’ll get your turn *after* Reginald answers the question!
Oh yeah… I, uh, forgot I said that.
You’ll get your turn *after* Reginald answers the question.
Look, it's tough to gauge, uh, something like...
Enough stalling! I know you wanna sample the goods, now just say so.
No, I mean, I... I like her as a friend, right? That’s... I just like her as a friend.
That’s all, she’s cool, she’s... she’s just a friend.
Oh yeah right!
Okay, thank you, Clarissa, this was very enjoyable.
Oh stop.
Alright, great, let’s just move on.
Let’s ease off the throttle for the next one, okay, Clarissa?
Yeah.
What? This game isn’t any fun if you don’t get a stomach ache.
We all know he’s lying, we just can’t prove it.
I’m not lying!
Whatever, man.
Liar! Liar! He’s lying! He totally likes her!
What?! Alex, c’mon, what are you doing?!
I knew it! You can practically smell it on him.
Can we just drop this please?
I’m kidding, relax. Last I heard, he’s still pining for Lindsey, his secret Canadian girlfriend.
Yeah… well.. I have a thing for hockey, so…
Sure.
He... *you* told me you liked her! Why’d you even *try* to cover, you *knew* I knew, I’m standing right here.
Because you said you weren’t even playing!
And then she changed her mind!
Oh, c'mon!
She can jump in, it’s only the first round.
Because I asked you to be cool about it and now you’re being, like, whatever the complete opposite of cool is! Hot! But in a bad way!
Alright, Alex, you get first blood. Slap him like he stole something.
I can’t believe this is happening.
This really doesn’t...
Hush. This is for your honor. Watch and relish.
If you’re gonna do it, just do it.
Any day…
Alex?
Eh. You’ve suffered enough.
Oh, *thanks*.
And it’s not even my birthday!
Yeah, everything’s coming up Alex, isn’t it!
Alright, that’s it, you can’t leave me in suspense. There’s like a statute of limitations here and time ran out.
Aw, she took pity on you. Like a deformed frog.
Well that’s perfect because that’s what I feel like right now.
Okay, it’s Ren’s turn, right? He gets to ask somebody something?
I wonder who I’m gonna ask… oh, I know! Alex!
Alex, Alex, Alex.
Oh great, here we go.
“What’s your favorite stuffed animal?”
“Professor Snodgrass the Platypus Man.”
I’ll ask a *real* question, okay?
Uh oh.
[laughs]
I just have to think about which nerve I want to so delicately pinch.
Oh please. Shoot. I can take it.
Okay, uh, just... take it easy, alright? Tis all in good fun?
Hey, no partnering up to be pansies.
Silence!
Oh, I’ll take it *easy*. *Very* easy.
For some reason, I don’t think he’s gonna take it easy.
Ren, really, I’m not playing, I just wanna watch.
Oh c’mon, you’re pretty much standing in the prayer circle. I’ll ease you in with a softball.
Ren, I don’t really feel like playing, if that’s alright.
I’m not, uh, playing.... remember?
I, uh, don’t wanna play?
Hahah no no no. You can’t pull that card anymore, sorry. Not after that crap.
Marry, Screw, Kill… me, Nona and Clarissa!
What?!
Why!
It's fun, it's funny, I dunno!
And Jonas is family now technically, so he’s excluded!
Why thank you.
Well, I’d marry Nona… I like the quiet types.
I’m flattered. I think.
Well… I think I’d marry you, actually. We know each other the best, so… not a lot of surprises there.
Perfect! Stay-at-home husband!
I’d probably marry Clarissa.
[laughs]
[laughs]
Okay. Lie. Right there. I mean, *why* in God’s name would you marry me, of all people.
What, you’re a catch!
Redheads are, like, the rarest breed.
She’s not a horse.
Yeah, but still.
Eh, just to make you mad. *And* to get half of your stuff in the divorce.
Ugh, whatever, who cares.
How could I pass up the opportunity to hear this biting *wit* every day.
You can dust the top of my trophy case when I don’t want to drag out the step stool.
Okay, going on down the line.
Who'd you do the dirty with.
I’d do Ren. We know each other the best, so… it’d be… like, less weird? And you’re in a band.
Yeah! I knew those bass lessons would come in handy!
Clarissa, obviously.
“Obviously!” You’re not gonna call her on that?
No, I believe her. I mean, look at me.
Nona. She seems like she’d be *present* and *giving* unlike some people here.
Hey, I’m present! I wouldn’t lose my place or nothing, scout’s honor.
Ugh, God, this is such a horrible turn.
Earth to Alex. Mission Control, you read me?
Hey, honey, if you don’t answer, that’s a forfeit, and a forfeit’s the same as a lie, and if it’s the same as a lie, the *penalty’s* the same.
Fine, whatever, I forfeit. You wanna smack me, be my guest.
This is dumb, okay? It's dumb, c'mon.
Okay, clearly you’re not gonna answer, so.
She’s uncomfortable, it’s fine, it was a stupid question, anyway, we don’t have to, ya know, incur the wrath of whatever.
And wait… wait, that means you’d kill me!
Out of everyone here!
Your best friend!
Oh yeah… sorry. It just worked out that way, I swear!
And I’m the only guy! This is misandry! Misandry, I say!
Okay, settle down.
Hey, you wanted to know!
Which of course means that you’d strangle Clarissa in her sleep if you ever got the chance.
What a shocker.
[laughs]
Yes, I mean, why would you have any control over the words and thoughts coming out of your face.
Hey now, you can’t control a sneeze. And I think this falls more in the realm of bodily function.
Eh, she got what was coming to her.
Yeah, I mean, you did shove her into the community pool in sixth grade.
I did, didn’t I. I was a hilarious kid.
Which means, of course, that you’d smother poor Nona with a pillow.
Really? Nona?
Just heartless.
What'd she ever do to you!
It’s alright. I’d probably kill me, too.
Yeah, she did wear white after Labor Day that one time.
If God came down from Heaven and said, “Kill Jonas and I’ll send back Michael,” you’d do it, right?
Wow!
Jesus, guy, can’t you wait till I’m taking a piss or something?
I mean, is this... is the game always like this?
First of all, that’s a crazy ass question and we’re gonna have a long discussion about it later, but… second of all, no, of course not.
Of course you would! I would!
Well I can’t say I’m surprised by that, at least.
Well… I mean… yeah, but it’s not like... I have nothing against you, but, I mean…
[laughs]
You don’t have to explain. You loved your brother, you just met me, it’s a frickin’ game, you’re not really gonna kill me, it’s fine.
Ren, are you outside of your head, right now? Think about what you’re asking me.
It’s a good question.
You know what, nevermind, this is… that was stupid. Expunge it from the record!
Relax, e’re all fine with it.
Just… I’m an idiot, forget it, it’s done.
No, it’s okay. But we’re even now.
Okay. Well... thank you.
Yeah, oh, you think it was stupid! When Easter rolls around find another egg painting buddy.
I deserve that, I know, just… let’s just shake it off, shake it off, move it along, let’s keep it moving.
Okay, well march over here like a good girl so I can.
Hey, if you wanna think the game’s dumb, that’s fine. But you’re still getting punished.
So march over here and take it like a big girl.
So... Alex's turn?
Yep, lady’s choice. Alex gets to pick who to ask something of.
Except me, cause I just went.
If she’ll ever pick somebody…
Okay, she’s officially relinquished her picking rights by being an idiot and not saying anything.
Well, uh...
Um, Nona!
Yes?
Alright, let’s uh… make it something, uh… fun and easy now.
Or, you know, actually fun.
Ever, uh, pee in a swimming pool?
Ugh, no!
Super question, you’re like an investigative journalist or something.
Is it that hard to come up with a question to ask me?
Oh my God, if you can’t even speak, your turn gets skipped.
Do you like Ren?
Oh Jesus, can we just stop with the whole me and Nona thing, please?
Of course she doesn’t!
She barely likes anybody, she’s like an amoeba!
One day she’ll reproduce in a cloud of spores!
Thanks.
I’d like to hear this from her, thank you.
No? Not even a little bit?
You don’t have to answer.
I like Ren like a friend, like... it’s... there’s... he’s a nice guy, you’re a nice guy and we goof off and... you know?
Tada! All is right with the world.
Oh shut up.
Does Clarissa ever do anything that just, like, really annoys the crap out of you, or…
[giggles]
Think carefully now.
Um… you sometimes tap your nails on things when you’re, uh, bored.
[cackling]
Relax, we’re all fine with it.
It’s more than... it’s like a lot, you do it a lot.
That’s it!? C’mon, didn’t she like get to second base with your cousin or something?
Hey!
He kissed me on the cheek when he was six on the swings.
Ha! I knew there had to be something.
Okay, alright, huzzah, you got me, let’s just get on with it.
[laughs]
No, I know exactly what she’s talking about. It’s a tic.
Clarissa.
Oh boy.
Yes, mum?
This is pretty fun just watching, I’ll admit.
Well. Wait.
Do you like anyone? Like like like anyone?
He kissed me on the cheek when he was six on the swings.
C’mon!
Ouch.
So no, I don’t. But nice try.
That Santa Claus really is coming to town.
What's your worst fear?
Seriously.
Dying with too many regrets, probably, I don’t know.
Seems reasonable.
I guess...
It's all I can think of on short notice.
Really? Dying with too many regrets is your *worst* fear? Not being trapped in a locker with scorpions or something?
No, because I’m not *five*.
I kind of get that, actually.
Yeah, we’re practically sisters, I can feel it.
If someone were to ask you to describe me… what would you say?
Wow! Really swinging for the fences here...\r\n
I’d say... I’d tell them you were an average girl with common thoughts.
Geez, why don’t you say what you really think.
Actually to be honest I expected a lot worse, so…
I’m in a good mood.
Well... I think you're wrong, so.
I haven’t seen much evidence to the contrary, *so*...
Okay, okay, let’s keep it moving.
That’s, like, the meanest thing you can say to someone. *Average*? I’d rather be hated!
No, you think that now, but then you get like an arch-enemy and it becomes a whole thing.
It’s not mean. I could’ve been mean. That wasn’t.
Well, I don’t know what I was expecting, so… okay.
Uh, Jonas.
Yeah huh.
Tell the truth. How do you really feel about your dad marrying my mom and the fact that we’re now defacto organ donors.
Well, unless you turn out to be crazier than you look…
That’d be hard.
...I think it’s… fine.
Only known her one night and is already fine with it. Whatta guy.
I asked you this already and you kind of fluffed me off…
Have I ever been to jail.
I heard a little rumor… somewhere… that you’d maybe… possibly… been to jail?
No, I’ve never been to jail.
Really?
Nope. Not yet. Knock on wood.
Awww. It was more fun thinking you ran blood diamonds or something.
Sorry to disappoint.
Realllyy? Never, never? Never ever, ever?
No, not even ever, ever.
Well, that’s good to know you won’t… fashion my toothbrush into a shiv.
I *guess*.
What do you honestly think about moving here?
Uhhh, I… like it, honestly. People seem nice? Um, it’s… I mean, Camena’s a crapload better than Westedge.
Is that where you’re from?
Yeah. It’s... less than great.
Thanks. I like it enough.
Sometimes.
Eh, this town’s not so hot. Little things will start to annoy you like anywhere.
Like the lights on third street.
Why do they take so long! Why?!
What didn’t you like about your hometown?
Everybody’s a farmer or a banker. And nobody did well in anything anyway so it didn’t even matter.
Just like here except for the farming and the banking. And I guess the third one, too.
Nona. You’re up.
Oh! Uh, Clarissa… if you had to get a tattoo, what would it be?
Huh.
A chick riding a motorcycle on fire.
She didn’t ask you.
A dolphin, right? Or a butterfly with like a Native American poem written above it.
A better question would be, “What would she get when the artist refused to draw two dogs eating a dead baby on her forehead?”
A small, black spot, so she could tell everyone it was just a mole.
I’d get like a little Ampersand… on my ring finger. I think I actually *am* gonna get that after I move out. So my parents can’t say no.
Neat.
Is it my question now, then?
Yep.
Okay. Clarissa, uh, last person you made out with.
Oh. Uh...
Maybe something else?
Or, yeah, maybe who’s the last person you, uh, hugged… instead?
What’s the matter. It’s an honest question.
Oh, great, this should be good.
Oh will you all *relax*. I’ve made out with people since… God.
Anyways, um, that would have to be Ryan Fischer, two weeks ago in Iggy’s den.
I knew it!
Yeah, well. He was there and I was tired.
Clarissa’s turn now, then.
Alex… you got a new brother. Pretty exciting.
I’m sure Jonas is excited, or maybe... “excited” isn’t the right word. Maybe a little overwhelmed with just everything, you know? Unsure…
It’s a lot to take in and adjust to.
I’m, uh, fine with it, really.
Well, as fine as you can be, anyway, right?
He, uh, seems okay? Right? You're okay.
Yeah, but, uh, thanks, I guess.
What’s your point, Clarissa?
Is there, like, a question coming or…?
I’m just saying what Jonas is already thinking, that statistics show if you get divorced once, you’re *probably* gonna get divorced again.
And the fact is your mom divorced your dad, so…
Let’s put his mind at ease and hear why.
I don’t… I don’t really *need* to know the situation before. It's none of my business.
*What* are you talking about? What is this even… what does this have to do with anything?
Why’d your parents get a divorce.
That’s my question. Just so Jonas can hear it from you.
Clarissa. Jonas is *fine*. He’s not a scared puppy, none of that matters.
Well, let’s hear *why* your parents got a divorce in the first place and we’ll see if it matters.
Okay, just… get to whatever point this is getting to.
The point is… why’d your parents get a divorce?
It *is* your business. You’re family now, so… let’s hear it out. Why’d your parents get a divorce, Alex?
Clarissa, I don’t really *care* why they got a divorce, just that Alex’s mom is happy *now*.
But how can we be *sure* unless you know why.
You know why. Michael died and it broke everything and they couldn’t handle it, the end.
Well, now you know, Jonas. Don’t die and everything will be fine.
Okay, Clarissa...
What.
You know, guys, honestly, I think I’m ready to just do pretty much anything else but this game.
They had… it was just issues, like any other marriage, and they just couldn’t get past theirs.
That’s complete crap. I know you know why, *specifically* why, just come out with it.
This isn’t fair. Like, at all.
I went *super easy* on you when it was my turn.
And this is an “easy” one, too! Why’d your parents get divorced! I know you know why!
Of course it’s “fair!” Why’d your parents get divorced! I know you know why!
Silence counts as a lie, Alex.
My brother Michael died and it broke everything and they couldn’t handle it, the end.
I quit, okay. I’m not playing anymore, I don’t care about “winning” if this is what this is.
Go to Hell. That’s my answer. Happy?
Yeah, I won the turn, of course I’m happy.
Alright, you know what? Let’s just stop the game, okay? I think everyone’s ready to do something else.
Wait, let’s... let’s not stop it like this, we should, like...
Game’s over, Ren. I won. And to celebrate I’m gonna sit on the beach and drink and maybe if I’m feeling spicy even take a nap.
Maybe we could...
And that’s exactly what Nona’s gonna do, too.
Man, *what* is you problem, Clarissa? Just what did we... what do *I* do to make you act like I ate the last piece of chocolate cake on your flippin’ birthday.
Nothing, Alex. You did absolutely nothing.
Oh my *God*, you are annoying.
This isn’t me being annoying, this is me being *tired*, there’s a difference.
Fine. Whatever, be Miss Pouty on the beach all night if you want, I’m not gonna let you ruin this for me.
I appreciate your permission to be pouty, thank you.
If you guys in your scavenger hunts or playing ring around the rosey happen to find anything more interesting than a slowly dying starfish… you be sure to just let me know.
Super.
If we find anything more interesting than that, I think we’ll be too involved in our own fun to come get you.
Well wouldn’t you know it, that’s just fine by me.
Yeah, we’ll grab ya if we find any uh…
Island bigfoots.
Island bigfoots, exactly.
Whatever.
Well, *I* wanna inaugurate this bitch by checking out the caves… Nona, wanna come?
Uh… I mean I would, but...
I’m very clingy, Ren.
Fine. Jonas, you’re a strapping young lad, help boost me over the fence. The cave’s just, uh, yonder.
And I guess you expect me to just jump over after.
Well like I said you’re a strapping young lad.
Okay, c'mon.
Alex, you wanna... check 'em out, or...
Uh, in a sec, okay?
Yeah, just let me know.
Yeah, let’s do it. Boost me up?
Yeah, c'mon.
Well, if you wanna, just let me know and we’ll hop over.
For, uh, posterity.
Where are you from again?
It’s a small town near North Valley.
Oh yeah? Is it nice?
If you like bars on the windows.
That counts!
[reading] “But soon I shall be so I cannot remember any but the things that never happened.”
Yeah, I... I don’t know.
Hey, look who’s finally awake.
Hey.
“Finally,” it’s not like you’ve been up for much longer.
Maybe… don’t get up immediately.
Michael? How are... what... what’s happening?
*Well*, it’s a combination of things, I guess.
Michael carried you here from the cave.
Cause you were, you know, comatose.
Wait, this is still… this is still the past? But… Jonas is here...
Jonas *is* here. There he is. Say, “Hi,” Jonas.
Hi, Jonas.
It’s okay, she means... It’s not the 40’s, anymore. We’re back, all of us. We’re going home.
We’re not in the 40’s anymore… if that’s what you’re asking.
Yeah, the tuning we did in the cave? It worked.
Did we, uh, win?
*Oh* yeah. Big time. Wire to wire finish.
I don’t know about “wire to wire,” but...
He doesn’t know about sports, honey.
I know, I just... *Anyways*, yes, we “won.”
Oh, whatever, rack to rack, whatever you wanna call it.
*Anyways*, yes, we “won.”
The tuning we did in the cave? It worked.
Yeah, if you’re anything like me, you have a monster post-Ghost hangover.
God, you have that, too?
Alex, do you remember what happened?
It’s alright, we’ll do a catch up.
Alex, do you remember what happened?
*We*?
Well, Mikey did. He said you were heavier than you looked.
Don’t worry, you looked fine. *Luminous.*
*Michael* carried you here.
She doesn’t... It’s okay, you don’t care, what’s happening is that the tuning thing we did in the cave… it worked.
Or at least they've... they've stopped trying to eat our souls.
Yeah, it’s important to note that.
The ghosts are gone, we’re goin’ home.
Yeah.
Alex, are you feeling alright?
I mean… that’s a stupid question.
Are you feeling… okay?
I mean, we all feel pretty bad, but...
You don’t remember Michael coming with us?
We’re… we’re gonna be okay?
Like, all that really happened and it wasn’t a dream and we’re gonna be okay, for realsies.
Yes, all that really happened...
It wasn’t a dream.
...and I think we’re all gonna be okay… thanks, as always, to the brother-sister duo, Alex and Michael.
We’re gonna be okay.
Okay, I really should *not* have to point this out, but… Michael is *dead*, everybody.
He’s *been* dead, for like a year... why aren’t you all freaking out about this?
I was dead?
You were dead.
Apparently!
“What’s happening,” well, we carried you here...
He was dead?
I was like the *one* person we never saw die, I’ve been tickin’ all night.
So anyways, mission accomplished.
Well, not... I mean, the *mission* was to just, like, have a little party…
The more important *new* mission of getting *away* from the death party...
And the thanks for that go, as always, to the brother-sister duo of Alex and Michael for saving everyone.
Oh, what!
Boooo.
I’m just saying!
We, like, totally helped sometimes.
*Yeah*, Jonas and I, like, *hid* really well!
Oh, c’mon!
Like… are you talking about the possessed stuff?
Well, I mean I guess, yeah, we were...
We were *all* kinda “dead,” if that’s what you mean.
I cannot believe what I’m hearing, Michael *drowned*, *very* tragically, last year.
I mean, Clarissa, come on, of all people… verify, here.
Uh, I think… I’m sorry, Alex, but I think you’re just confused by… what are we calling them, “time loops?”
Time loops.
“Verify” *what*. I don’t know what the Hell you’re talking about.
Yeah, I mean, you saw lots of… bad stuff.
Yeah… don’t you remember? It’s been you and me all night.
Wait, you’re saying you’ve been here all night. Like, you took the boat with us...
Uh huh.
...you were gonna camp out…
I took the boat, *we* went into the cave, *we*... I mean, come on, kiddo, it’s been you and me all night.
Am I... am I just totally off my rocker nuts.
No, no, you’re just, uh, you’re just a little confused.
Addled if you will.
Ummmmm, I don’t… know...
No, you’re just confused, still.
You’re fine, she’s fine, it’s just been… a stressful night, to say the least, but… we all, you know, survived.
Thanks, as always, to the brother-sister duo of Alex and Michael.
But nobody *died* died, like permanent dead. Thankfully.
We did the “Call” to...to open the, uh, Bomb Shelter…
You don’t remember this?
That was *Jonas* and I! Jonas and I slogged through the forest to get Ren, *Jonas* and I went...
Alex, I was *with* Ren when you and Mike picked us up.
Yeah, I mean… Jonas has been with me the whole time.
Which, you know… terrible way to show you what we do here for fun, by the way.
Is this, like… is this a trick? Are the ghosts still playing some weird archaic game called Brother Switcheroo or something?
No, no, I think, uh, I think the games are over.
Yeah, speaking of that. Jonas, buddy… this has *not* been the plan for the evening, really, this was… terrible.
She remembers, she’ll remember.
Once we get some pancakes in her, she’ll remember.
Yeah, it’s not like I’ll be able to *forget*... as much as I’d like to.
Did I… like accidentally change the, uh, the... the past… here?
I dunno. Did you?
I don’t really... I don’t really *feel* like anything’s changed.
Do you feel like anything’s changed?
I don’t know… Maybe….? I... don’t know what to, like, *clench* to feel if I did or not...
Well, *anyways*, before I forget, my heartfelt apologies to Jonas, buddy, this was *not* what I meant when I said this’d be a good time.
If I did… It was worth it seeing you again, Jesus, I mean… this is insane.
You know what? I think I’m too tired to care. Whatever works, right?
Whatever works, exactly.
Yeah, I’m not sure we’d be able to tell the difference, right?
Right?
Nothing changed. Okay?
Yeah, I, uh… I don’t think so.
Sorry about that, I mean, I invite the poor guy, he just moves here with his Dad, and…
Yeah, we know, he picked you up in gym class so you could dunk the ball.
*Stop* telling people that’s how we met, it’s not...
It’s not pertinent.
Guys, no, Jonas... *I* brought Jonas, he’s my new *step-brother*, his Dad is marrying... he’s marrying our Mom!
What!
Oh boy.
*What* are you talking about?
Jonas, c’mon, it’s you and me now, pal.
We had, like, a *year’s* worth of memories in one eight hour span, you *know* me.
I’m… sorry, I… but I *don’t* know you, not... not really.
And it’s not like I don’t *want* to know you, you know, we can, like, hang out or something when we get back?
Alex, *maybe* you should lie down again…
Yeah, this isn’t… good.
Alex, *I* brought Jonas. Really.
Like, during the year, you know...
I’m... sorry.
I can’t believe this.
It’s okay, c’mon, it’s alright... we’ll all get back into the swing of things, start feeling our freshest again soon enough, I’m sure.
Yeah, let’s, uh, we’ll... we’ll hang out.
Yeah, it’s, uh, it’s been a crazy night.
Yeah, you’ll, uh, ripen in no time.
Just… forget it. I, uh, I guess it doesn’t matter now.
Wait, *Ren*, you... *you* brought Jonas? He’s *your* friend?
Yeah, I... man, you have really been affected by all this, I invited him cause he’s new in town and... and whatever.
Yeah, and he turned out to be a cool guy, so what’s the problem?
Thanks.
I mean, Alex, you’re acting like... I don’t even know.
She’s just a little… frazzled.
Yeah.
It’s no big deal, I think she’s just still tired.
Yeah, he’s a... He’s more than a *cool* guy, he’s... he was like...
He was like what?
No, he’s uh… yeah, he’s cool.
I’m overwhelmed.
Yeah, he’s a “cool guy,” that’s not the point!
I’m sorry, what... what is the point?
He was like… like my step-brother!
Really?
*He’s* like your step-brother? I’ve known you an untold sum amount of days and after thirty minutes crossing paths with this guy...
No, no, I get it, I mean it’s like after a long plane ride you bond with your seatmate.
He was like... he was like my *partner* through everything, we... we helped each other out!
You *barely* interacted with this guy! He was with me the whole time!
I don’t even know, but… just don’t say he’s like a “cool guy,” like he’s... it’s more than that.
Okay…
You made some impression in your, what, half an hour of screaming in the tower.
Apparently. But, you know... I’m flattered.
Good analogy.
Sure.
Yeah, what do you mean?
Yeah, what’s going on?
Yeah, what’s, uh, what’s going on?
The “point” is he *forgot* everything, it’s like everything we talked about, everything we went through, *us*, *together* got just wiped out.
Well I mean we *all* went through something.
Yeah, it’s alright, none of us *forgot* anything, we’re still all together, we’re still okay.
Just… just forget it, it doesn’t… matter now.
He said you were heavier than you looked.
Uh, no, seriously, it was... it’s somehow worked out, we’ve all, uh, survived, so…
Just never invite me to anything ever again.
Done and done!
Wait wait, is… is Clarissa... is she okay? I think I might have…
Yeah, I got a massive hangover type headache right now.
Clarissa? Who’s that?
You’re looking at who came. This is the group.
Your... your ex-girlfriend, you dumped her, like... I don’t know how long it was, like a year and a half ago or something, but she...
Kristin was my last girlfriend, Alex. I don’t know what you’re talking about, I’ve never known anyone named Clarissa.
She’s... Michael, she’s your *girlfriend!* You were just asking me if you should run away with her for God’s sake, how can you...
“Run away with,”... look, Alex, I’ve never even *met* anyone with the name, Clarissa.
She’s Nona’s best friend, she... she came here with us! How can you not remember this!
Alex… no “Clarissa,” came with us. I don’t even... I don’t know anyone named Clarissa.
Yeah, I don’t either.
Oh my God, it happened. It actually happened, they… took her.
What are you talking about, what is she talking about?
She’s having like a bad reaction, I think.
The ghosts are gone, we're goin' home.
But… okay, good to know, great, hurray, but… *how* exactly is Michael here right now?
What do you mean?
Yeah, I’ve been here all night.
Oh shut up.
Yeah, sweetie, nobody died. Thankfully, I mean, we cut it sorta close…
She’ll remember. Eventually.
What are you even *talking* about right now?
He was... he was my *step-brother*, *that’s* the point, and... and now it’s like nothing ever happened, none of it *stuck*.
No, it... it mattered, it’s...
Hey, is this your book?
Oh man this is... we’re gonna be the best couple ever.
Okay, slow down.
Is this... Ren, didn’t you lose a book?
Holy *crap*, this is it! *Thank* you!
I lost it on the way, I thought for sure some commuter would’ve just tossed it overboard or…
It’s kinda hard to care about… that stuff. Now. Or… after, I mean.
Yeah, kind of.
Hey, that reminds me, what were we... we were talking about something stupid right before Alex woke up...
Prom.
So this is like… this is the new normal, this is what… we are, what everything is.
I don’t know if it needs a grand summation...
Okay, I’m glad all of you can just jump right back into whatever, but… I’m still a little… discombobulated.
It’s pretty simple, actually.
A buncha ghosts wanted our bodies and you and Mike ran around all night and now blah blah blah I still have to worry about Prom.
[laughing a little]
And yet somehow I can sense one coming...
But if you wanna, uh, *gesticulate*, I dunno… I don’t know if anything changed.
Except maybe how I look at the ocean.
Well I for one certainly didn’t learn anything.
Of course not.
Well actually that’s not true.
Nevermind.
Why that.
Uh, the waves. They used to mean, like… I’d look at them and think,“forever.”
But I don’t know if I believe in forever, anymore.
Hey, we were talking about something when Alex woke up…
No. We changed. Even if you don’t see it. And even if it’s just by a day.
Maybe.
Michael, are you joking? You “don’t think anything’s really changed,” we just... we were chased all night by soul thieving *ghosts*.
Well, *yeah*, I mean, when you put an exclamation point after it...
[laughs a little]
Prom.
Prom.
Prom.
Prom.
Yeah, Clarissa, what color’s your dress gonna be so I know what corsage to get.
Purple, probably. *Royal* purple.
You guys have fun with that.
Are you going, Alex?
Wait, are people who already graduated allowed to take high schoolers?
*Yes*.
Yeah, don’t you remember Bobby bringing that twenty eight year old last year?
Are we supposed to still spike the punch or just bring in flasks?
Do they even *have* punch?
I spent Homecoming eating bottomless fries at that fast food emporium, and I’m gonna stick with that plan for this, I think.
Uh, maybe? I dunno. If the urge strikes to cut a rug in front of that one janitor who *leers* all the time...
Uh, I guess? I mean, if I find a date, you know. I’m not gonna go stag, I have my dignity.
Ben Owens will ask you. Or rather, he’s *going* to ask you unless I physically prevent him.
Eh, you can do better.
Oh *man*, I *do* remember Bobby and that crazy chick.
She was… something.
Yeah, something.
They have punch. And Mrs. Caitlyn will spike it if you give it an hour.
C’mon, come with me and Nona, we’ll go dress shopping.
[clears his throat]
*Oh*, uh, Alex? You wanna go dress shopping with me and Nona?
It’ll be fun, it’ll be like a movie montage except none of us are prostitutes and there’s no rich guy.
Yeah.
Oh, uh, no thanks, really, I don’t... I don’t even know if I’m going, so… wouldn’t wanna slow you down.
Well, just… let me know. I mean... I’d like you to come… if you can.
You don’t *have* to take me, it’s fine, Michael’s just trying to… *Michael* us together.
I know he is, dear.
And see, Mikey? I tried, so.
Yeah, I saw, you *tried* in the very technical sense.
Oh, uh…. sure? I mean… only if you want to.
Of course I want to, I’m asking you, too.
We’ll go to Reggie’s. If you can find a stained one, you get fifty percent off.
Uh, sounds great. Yeah, I mean… I guess I should, uh, spiffy up once in my life.
Or… not.
Oh, uh, no thanks, really, I don’t... I don’t even know if I’m going, so… wouldn’t wanna slow you down.
Well, just… let me know. I mean... I’d like you to come… if you can.
You don’t *have* to take me, it’s fine, Michael’s just trying to… *Michael* us together.
I know he is, dear.
And see, Mikey? I tried, so.
Yeah, I saw, you *tried* in the very technical sense.
Oh, uh…. sure? I mean… only if you want to.
Of course I want to, I’m asking you, too.
We’ll go to Reggie’s. If you can find a stained one, you get fifty percent off.
Uh, sounds great. Yeah, I mean… I guess I should, uh, spiffy up once in my life.
Or… not.
“Spiffy up,” my Lord. The way this girl talks… and she gets it from you.
I know she gets it from me and I like it. The rest of you are the *wrong ones*.
Cool.
Well, just… let me know. I mean... I’d like you to come… if you can.
And see, Mikey? I tried, so.
I know, you tried, just… not very hard.
Alright, you know what. It’s picture time.
[grumbling]
Ugh.
Oh my God, c’mon, Nona.
Oh “c’mon”, *what*! We *earned* this one!
Yeah, vaminose, let’s move it.
No grumbling, no whining.
No! No more pictures! I’m sure we all look like we've been through a thresher!
But we *survived* the thresher’s maw! We’re *alive*!
And we’re gonna soon start aging out of our best years *facially speaking* so we should probably take advantage.
Yeah, I guess we should. Tonight’s been… uh, noteworthy.
Noteworthy, that is… a way to say it.
Yeah, I’d probably say it another way.
Uh, you guys go ahead, or… or maybe I can take it *of* you.
No, I’m just gonna set it on the ledge thing, so you can’t escape.
Yeah, c’mon, we’ll all do it. Last one of the night, or… day, now.
You’ve kind of already started.
Let’s, um, let’s actually move outside so we can get the light.
Sure.
Ren, what is that book, anyway?
I don’t know, I can hardly make heads or tails out of what the hell he’s talking about half the time.
Here’s good for the... yeah, just... here.
Like, look, I’ll just pick a random ass page…
Come on, Alex, get in here.
I’m not gonna click it until you get in frame...
Come *on*, Alex…
We’re waiting.
Come on, two seconds.
I don’t think they’re bluffing, Alex.
The boat’s gonna *dock* before you come over here.
Okay, we can wait. And we *will*.
So that’s it? The island’s done, we’re just… moving on? Back to doing… like, reports?
Yeah, I mean, we didn’t *die*, so, yes, reports are still a natural law we have to abide by.
Yeah, I don’t know if anything really *changed*, per say.
I… guess not. I guess that’s a good thing. I say, “I guess,” too much.
Nona, are you joking? You “don’t think anything’s really changed,” we just... we were chased all night by soul pilfering *ghosts*.
And yet I’m gonna have to still babysit Arnold next week for my... parents’ anniversary, so it’s not like, ya know, whatever.
Whatever!
I did learn not to put so much, uh, *extra ingredients* into brownies.
A buncha ghosts wanted our bodies and you and Jonas ran around all night and now blah blah blah I still have to worry about Prom.
I am definitely skipping this one. I’m deferring the crown to that wheelchair girl.
They have punch. Nobody spikes it, though.
That fast food emporium off 219 is more appealing, so… don’t wanna break the three year streak of getting bottomless fries in the parking lot.
Alright, just don’t say phrases like that while we’re out and we’ll be solid.
Well, just… let me know. I mean... it would be fun. Maybe. Probably not.
We are alive, you can’t argue with that. C’mon, let’s do it.
I’m not pushing the clicker until you’re...
Yeah, we’re not taking it until you get in here.
I can’t believe everything that happened, I just...
No, are you kidding? We have... well, we don’t have *evidence* of ghosts but we know there’s a continuation, a... a sort of life after death.
This is like the moon landing times a billion.
Let’s make a pact, to... to just keep it, like, *ours*. It’s only our thing, it happened to *us*, and... and nobody else has to be involved.
Yeah, but… no one’s gonna believe it, so…
Except *no one* will believe it.
Yeah.
This is gonna sound… maybe harsh, but… we can go our separate ways, it’s okay, we’re not tethered together now or something.
I don’t know. Like it or not we had a... *have* a shared, uh, thing now. A shared *insane* thing that I don’t think will get *reset* once, like, graduation hits or something.
No, Alex. We don’t need a *pact*, we actually don’t need to ever talk to each other ever again.
Are you kidding? You almost *traded* me for...
We can just deal with it, like, *alone*, I think...
I think we’d sound nuts, honestly. I mean, it’s not like... it’s not like we have any *proof* any of this actually, uh, happened.
Okay, look, everything worked out, she did the right thing… eventually...
I was totally desperate, Clarissa, I thought *all* of us were gonna *die*.
That still isn’t... that doesn’t justify it, Alex.
Yeah, uh, sorry about that… really, I... I don’t know what I was thinking.
You were thinking, “I hate Clarissa,” probably...
Oh, c’mon, be real, if they’d even *alluded* to the fact that you could get rid of me to make *sure* Nona was safe, you’d sign that deal before the ink was dry!
Hey, don’t pull me into this.
Whatever, we’ll remember what you did, Alex, that’s all that matters.
I feel like we should tell everyone we know...
...go on like a friggin' book tour, but...
Oh, seriously, who cares about Prom? Who *ever* cared about Prom, but, like, *especially* now.
Oh shush, you look fine. We *all* look fine, I say!
Alex, you have to be in it, if only to point out to future generations what a monster you are.
Yeah, this night didn’t exactly... it’s not like we’re all gonna go join a dodgeball league together or something…
Well, I wouldn’t do that anyway...
I’m just... you know what I mean.
Like… this, here.
“When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened or not.”
“But soon I shall be so I cannot remember any... but the things that never happened.”
Yeah, I... I don’t know.
Okay, everyone….
Wait… what?
Cheese!
Wait, didn’t you...
Alright, shut up and...
Oh, look who finally woke up.
It’ll be a long time before we’re back here again.
A *long* time.
Oh… God, wait… no, we...[gets cut off]
Yeah, I... I don’t know.
Hey, she’s waking up.
Hey.
Is she alright?
Maybe… don’t get up immediately.
Are we, uh, in ghost heaven?
I think that’s just called, “heaven,” sweetheart.
But no, we’re not.
No, we’re not in “ghost heaven.” We made it, we’re alive.
I mean, for the most part, my arm, like, fell asleep for some...
We’re alive.
The ferry should get here in like ten minutes.
We think. My watch kind of melted.
Yeah yeah yeah, okay, the... the *important thing is that whatever you did in the cave? It worked.
Yeah yeah yeah, okay, the... the *important* thing is that the tuning in the cave? It worked.
Ugh, ouch, is, uh… is everyone… doing alright? Still… um, yourselves?
Yeah, I think we’re all, uh, accounted for. Right?
Yeah. For the most part.
Yeah, my arm fell asleep, but...
Jonas carried you here.
Yeah, he said you were heavier than you looked.
Yeah yeah yeah, okay, the... the *important thing is that whatever you did in the cave? It worked.
Yeah yeah yeah, okay, the... the *important* thing is that the tuning in the cave? It worked.
Did we, uh, win?
*Oh* yeah. Big time. Wire to wire finish.
I think saying “wire to wire” is stretching it, you know, since...
I don’t know about sports, I don’t know what I’m saying!
Yeah, if you’re anything like me, you have a monster post-ghost hangover.
God, you have that, too?
Alex, do you remember what happened?
It’s alright, just, uh, first, the good news.
Alex, do you remember what happened?
The tear, the hole, it’s fixed. The ghosts are gone, we’re goin’ home.
Or at least they’ve... they’ve stopped trying to eat our souls.
Yeah, it’s important to note that.
That’s… I’m glad, I’m sorry, I’m just… I was *back*, I fell back a few years, during the whole… *thing* and…
I just saw Michael again, that’s all, so… I’m just a little rattled right now.
We’re… we’re gonna be okay?
Like, all that really happened and it wasn’t a dream and we’re gonna be okay, for realsies.
Yeah, it all happened.
We... We did it. Right? We actually did it, we’re still us?
You saw Mike?
What happened?
What do you mean? What did you... what do you mean, you *saw* Michael?
What... what was it like?
Well, wait.
Yeah, okay, relax, everybody, just… let her get a minute here.
What happened? What was happening?
Okay, just... wait, let’s…
Clarissa.
Alex, are you okay?
We think, anyway.
And yeah, we’re gonna be okay.
We think.
Did anyone… I mean, the dream thing, did anyone… like have dreams or whatever about the past during the night?
It wasn’t a dream.
We think.
We think.
I dreamed… when I was… *under* them. Did anyone else.
We’re still us.
Did anyone… I’m sorry, but like did anyone have dreams or whatever about the past when they were, uh, *taken*... during the night?
Yeah. When I was… under them, I… dreamed about something years ago.
Did anyone else.
So… we’re gonna still be us. For a while.
Hey, when I was… under them, I… dreamed about something years ago.
I just… talked to him, he was there, in the… whatever was happening.
We talked about… his future. What he wanted to do.
It was… something.
I was, I think... well I *know* I was, back, um... it was like a week before he drowned, we came here, actually…
We hiked in the woods, just spent the day together, and, I dunno… I was just there again.
I thought… I dunno, I just thought I could… change things. Maybe…
I dunno, I don’t know what I thought.
Yeah, I... I don’t think it... whatever we were *doing*... really worked like that.
Alright, well, it’s fine, you don’t have to… whatever, relive what happened, all that’s over now, and we’re... we’re gonna be fine.
Yeah, it’s okay.
Jonas, what happened to you in the shelter?
I was so... I just saw you *disappear*, I didn’t... I didn’t know what to think.
What happened?
I thought I heard my Mom, and… when Alex... when *we* tried to tune into this signal, I was…
I don’t know what it looked like from your end, but… it was like I’d fallen into a memory with my Dad.
I don’t know.
I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have, uh, set us off course or whatever.
Were they… dreams? Or, at least, I mean do you think they were dreams?
They didn’t really feel like dreams, like… being “apart” from myself, if that makes sense or… like I’m walking in sand or whatever.
It felt… real.
I think… Jonas, I think that *was* your Dad. Like… it was real, you were… back then.
That’s… I mean… it felt real, so... I dunno. Maybe.
What happened? What was it like, what’d you, like, do?
It was before my Mom died, before she even got sick and, um… I dunno.
It was just kind of a… normal, Summer day, sitting in the living room, watching TV with him.
It was so strange, though.
No, I had those, too. Did anyone else?
When I was… under them, I… had something like that, too.
No, I… had something like that, too. Did anyone else?
I’m sorry, Alex.
Yeah, it’s…. I’m sure it was rough.
Yeah.
I guess it doesn’t matter. We’re still standing, that’s what matters right now, so.
Yeah, it kinda… stung… a little, to see him, and not be able to… I dunno, do anything about it, I guess, really.
It’s like I got this arrow in my side.
No, it was, uh… it was good to see him. It was good, he looked good. He looked, uh… himself.
I had my older sister.
I saw, uh, Michael. A few times. Back when we were here on a… kind of an accidental trip.
I guess, uh, Michael… if it was a dream, but… I dunno.
What was, uh, what was yours?
It was my Dad.
Huh. Alright.
Um, yeah.
Yeah, a few.
Just, uh, just the one… I think.
It was a night where… I don’t even remember why she was mad at me.
Probably something I said to our Mom.
But I don’t know why that… who-cares night would visit.
So Michael… visited you?
I wouldn’t put much thought into it Clarissa. Really.
Yeah, it doesn’t matter now.
He crawled out from whatever netherworld *swamp* he’s in.
And plucked into your head.
I... I don’t think it’s like a visit, like it’s making a... a conscious *choice* to come mess with you.
You were just… exhaled somewhere. Time-wise.
Yeah, I guess the universe doesn’t choose to do anything.
It’s totally random chance, Clarissa, we were getting *pushed out* into the *time-scape* or whatever you wanna call it.
It’s random.
Maybe it’s… I dunno, maybe it’s like what matters to us showed up or something?
The universe doesn’t care about what matters to us.
Then it doesn’t matter anyway.
No. I guess it doesn’t.
It just does.
You got Michael and I got *Stephanie*, so...
I don’t know know about that, honey.
Sometimes… I just think the universe carries a real love for the opera.
Nevermind.
Wait wait, is… is Clarissa... is she okay? I think I might have…
Yeah, I got a massive hangover type headache right now.
Clarissa? Who’s Clarissa?
It was only you, me, Ren and Nona.
That’s it, just us.
Jonas, are you nuts, she... she jumped out a window, she hated me, she dated Michael, she...
Alex, nobody named Clarissa came with us. This is the group, this has been it all night.
She’s Nona’s best friend, she... she came here with us! How can you not remember this!
Oh my God, it happened. It actually happened, they… took her.
Maybe… you’re just… like, I think we all had, um, “visions,” or something… during the night, caused by the ghosts and time stuff.
I don’t think any of it was real, really. Was yours, like, about someone named Clarissa?
Maybe?
Cause she’s not... nobody like that came with us.
Jonas, *Clarissa* was real, this wasn’t... she wasn’t a... a figment of my imagination!
Okay, okay, I’m just... I’m just saying, like…
I would see, like, my Dad sometimes…? But… I don’t know why, I mean, he’s still *alive*, obviously…
But… you know, like…
Who knows, really, what happened.
But… Clarissa… I...
It’s totally random chance... we were getting *pushed out* into the *time-scape* or whatever you wanna call it.
It used to be a military base.
Henry Fonda stationed here, I think, for a bit. Unless he was Navy...
Who's Henry Fonda?
And around Christmas-time, this little breakfast place used to sell these amazing polar bear sugar cookies.
Maaaaan, those were good. Then one year they changed the formula or whatever and ruined it.
Well, it used to be a ranching thing, then it was turned into an army thing, then it became a bird thing and a museum or whatever.
Uh huh. And why's it called Edwards Island?
Actually... I forget. But you'll have fun tonight, trust me.
Alex. Hey. Still with us?
You haven't said anything for like ten minutes.
Mission Control to Alex, this is Big Poppa, do you read me?
Yeah, my... my mind drifted for a second.
Yeah, uh, sorry.
Yeah, Jonas what you're seeing right now is what I like to call a “trip,“ this blank stare thing Alex'll sometimes do.
You might think something's wrong, but there isn't. She's just rebooting.
Okay, noted.
I can watch the hypnotic rolling of the waves and listen to you at the same time.
Oh, okay. What did I say?
Little Miss I Can See and Hear Things At the Same Time.
The cookies are great on Edwards Island.
Used to be great... but you passed, thank you.
Uh, something about Bird Island, or… pancakes, I don’t know.
Perfect. You are right on the money.
Something, something, cookies, whatever.
So you all moved in?
Uh, not... not really. I just got in this morning.
And how did her mom meet your dad, exactly?
They met on vacation in Orlando? He got lost in a... actually, I’m not even gonna tell this story.
Wow. Is that weird?
That must be weird.
I, uh...
I dunno.
But anyways, is it weird? It must be weird that you guys’s parents are getting married, right?
A little?
They're in love, so... I think my job is to adjust.
Boy, I couldn't do that. It's crazy to me, and I just know her as Mrs. Alex's Mom.
I dunno... I mean, it's kinda weird? Right, it's a little weird?
Yeah, it's... it's gonna take a little getting used to.
Yes, of course, it's weird. It's super weird. I hate having to think of my mom as a real person with, like, wants and desires...
Yeah, I don't even like hearing my dad flush the toilet, so, yes, this is odd.
I mean, me, thinking about my parents is just... enough, so...
And you guys just met tonight?
Yeah, I was, um... I'd been out at school and the timing had just never worked out, so...
And what does that make you to her then?
A, uh, second cousin...?
I don't know how people math works.
But, to be clear… you two are what to each other?
I think you’re overthinking it.
Am I?
He's my step-brother.
Oh yeah! I forgot that was even a thing.
He'll be like a roommate, really.
No, but isn't there like a term for it?
Um, step-brother, technically.
Uhhh, he's just a guy, what else would he be?
Well at least you seem cool, right? Cool guy, cool hat… you get a cool new sibling, living right in your house...
Sharing your toothbrush... wearing your clothes.... eating your food... smelling up your bathroom.
I have, uh, I have my own toothbrush.
Well throw it out! It's useless now.
No, that's the weird part. I mean, isn't it... the concept of just getting a new sister like a puppy, isn't it kinda awkward?
No, it's been totally bizarre. But just for the record I don’t consider you a pet.
Yeah, no, it's a... nice perk. Unless you're, like, a pyro or something...
Just a klepto, so… you’re in luck.
Yeah, sure, whatever, I have someone to reach the food on the top shelf now.
Just happy to be on the team.
And it's Jonas? Not Jonah?
Yeah, Jonas.
Like Jonas Salk?
Right, patient zero, AIDS guy.
Polio.
It's, uh, Biblical, right? Or is that the lion guy?
I think every name's Biblical, so... probably.
Jonas. It means, “oppressor,“ I think.
Yeah, but I mean my sign’s Cancer and... it's not like my hair is falling out or anything...
So... how do you two know each other?
Oh, from way back when, like paleozoic. Grade school era. Young enough that I've seen her in a bathtub and it wasn't sexual at all.
I mean, we both looked like little skinned potato blobs.
And to date that's *still* what I think she looks like under her clothes.
First impressions and everything.
Ahhhh! Ren! Why are you even talking about this!
It's humorous! Right? It's just interesting, I think it's interesting.
Ugh, it's so creepy now to think about.
Why?! We were babies, it's funny, that's all.
Yeah, well, you don't see a man's toddler penis and not become best friends after that.
Yeah, exactly. Bond stronger than oak.
Oh, oh, we should get a quick picture, all of us.
“They’re on their way!”
Why? Shouldn’t we wait till we get there or… at least meet up with the others?
No, no no this is the core unit, anyway. The rest are like our guest stars.
Fine. Just… hold the camera out. Far. I don’t, uh, look my freshest right now...
It’s true, Jonas, this is like B minus Alex, just for your, uh, calibration.
Yeah, let’s do it.
Here’s good.
C’mon, Alex, join the fun!
We, uh, need a girl in the picture, Alex, to balance some of this out.
Alex, we’re not taking the pic until you get in here.
I can wait all night.
Well maybe not all night but until the boat docks.
There! Great. I’ll magic erase all the warts out and stuff so don’t worry.
No, wait, what happened? I feel like I haven’t heard this.
He got lost in some gardens and he thought she worked there and blah blah blah they hit it off.
Aww, that’s downright adorable.
Yes, please don’t. Let’s not relive their meet-cute anymore than we have to.
It’s really not worth it.
Okay.
Just pretend it’s a really fascinating story.
Because it isn’t.
Uh, wait, were you gonna tell us how your dad met Alex’s mom, or…
No, no, they just... it was in Orlando, and… that’s it, really.
Wow. Is that weird?
But yeah, we’re old friends. Embarrassingly old friends, like… we should have found better people to hang out with by now.
Why? Shouldn’t we wait till we get there or… at least meet up with the others?
Yeah, let’s do it.
Fine. Just… hold the camera out. Far. I don’t, uh, look my freshest right now...
Passengers, we’ll be arriving soon. Check under your seat to make sure you don’t leave behind any personal belongings.
And if you picked up a complimentary disposable radio, remember to tune to 102.3 at the various plaques. We encourage you to listen in to our Edwards Island Walking Tour, and hear more about the fascinating events of this historical landmark.
“Check under your seat to make sure you don’t leave behind any grandchildren.”
Wait, who’s talking right now?
It’s a recording. They always play it.
Uhh, so... How do you know what...?
Huh... yeah.
This'll be the before shot.
Wait, didn’t we… didn’t we just get done with… this… boat… thing? I’m sorry, I just remember going home…or...?
Man, this is… I’m sorry but this is *so* familiar, like… I dunno, I just feel like you’ve said all this before.
Well, yeah, I’m sure I’ve said it to *you* before but it’s new to Jonas. And he’s downright enraptured. Right?
Huh?
Right.
He got lost in some gardens and he thought she worked there and… they hit it off?
Yeah, that’s, uh, that’s it, yeah.
Seriously, didn’t we talk about this already? He’s my stepbrother, it’s not a...
“And hear more about the fascinating events of this landmark.” It’s strange the things that stick to your brain, you know?
Have you guys, uh, done this a lot?
Not spend the night, no, but visit, yeah. I mean, since we were wee ones.
Can you smoke here?
Okay. Uh, anybody wanna join?
Alex?
You can bum one off me if you're empty.
Alex, wanna have a smoke for a second?
Oh, you know what, she doesn't smoke either, so...
Yeah, sure.
Really? Since when do you smoke?
Last time you tried it I thought you were gonna vomit on my shoes.
Alex doesn’t smoke, though, really.
That’s… okay.
Since now, that's since when.
Okayyy, just remember… aim to throw up over the landing.
I'm being polite, you should try it sometime.
We won't be long.
I forget if you’re a fellow addict.
I just wanna try to leave my Dad like a message or something.
Yes, it’s true, I fear any and all alone time.
Uh… anyways, I’m gonna have a quick one...
Alex doesn’t smoke, though, really. Like, seriously, since when this is a thing of yours?
Okayyy, just remember… aim to throw up in the water.
We’ll be quick, we’ll meet you by the thing.
Smell that clean air, boys and girls. Boy and girl. This ain’t city livin’.
Yeah, uh, anybody need a smoke? I have a full pack.
Oh, uh, no thanks. I mean, I just said the clean air thing, so.
Alex?
But Alex, uh, you wanna smoke?
It’s not big deal if you need one.
Oh, uh, no thanks, I don’t smoke. The last time I had one it… didn’t go well.
Yeah, no, I didn’t know what “coughing with your whole body” meant until I saw you dry heaving.
Okay, just checking.
Okay, just checking.
Eh, Ren’s right, I probably shouldn’t.
Well, here’s the smoke if you want it.
Or…
It’s okay, nevermind.
You really want one?
Cause if you don't, it's fine.
So…. you wanna cigarette?
Or no?
Yeah, no, I do, Ren doesn't... he doesn't know everything.
Actually, I'll, uh, pass, thanks anyway.
I'll just save it.
[hugely coughing]
You alright?
They're filtered...
Yeah, yeah, no, I am in... flavor country over here.
Okay.
Yeah no, it's just, uh, it’s been a while...
You okay? Okay.
Ren seems nice.
He’s funny, you know.
Reminds me of a guy I know back home.
Yeah. I mean, he’s harmless. But yeah, he’s nice.
I dunno. You think?
Yeah.
He’s a boy. So. You get what you see.
I dunno. He sometimes gets on my nerves.
Yeah?
I guess it’s just... for me, I’ve never moved anywhere, and, like, getting a new family at the same time kinda feels like I’m skipping the training wheels.
Not that it's been bad or anything. You and your Mom have been great.
Well how do you think I feel? My house just shrunk by half because my Mom decided to get some in Florida.
No, I know, I'm sorry.
An optimist. Christ.
It'll just be a lot to, uh... adjust to, I guess.
Oh stop it.
Yeah, I’m an optimist and proud of it!
Yeah, I'm sure you miss your friends.
Eh. There's not much to miss, to be honest.
No, I get it. I mean, you outgrow people, you… meander apart... it's part of, you know, whatever, I guess.
Kind of... I mean, your friends are your friends, right? You liked 'em for a reason, at least one time...
I suppose.
Oh, and thanks for setting up the attic for me...
It's cool, how it's like a little bedroom.
But, yeah… just thanks for getting the attic set up.
Saved me some work.
That was, uh... that was Mike's room, actually... so... there wasn't that much to set up.
Oh. Oh, man, I'm sorry.
We didn't, uh... we didn't actually set it up for you.
Oh. Crap, that was probably... that was Michael's room, right? Man, I'm sorry.
Man, I'm sorry.
No problem, any time.
I didn't mean to bring it up.
It's okay, you didn't know.
Let's just change the subject.
No, absolutely.
I, um, heard about your mom. I'm sorry.
Yeah... you know... What are you gonna do.
I heard, um, I think from my mom, that... you, uh...
Went to jail?
Yeah, well.... don't believe everything you hear.
It's nice at night, right?
Yeah.
Sorry. I couldn't think of one.
I guess a brother-sister rapport takes some time…
Yeah, no, give it a week and we’ll be like Siskel and Ebert.
Always fighting.
Precisely.
Yeah, but... only over movies.
Yeah, well… don’t set your stopwatch or anything. It might be a while.
Not that, you know, we need to be, uh… oh, forget it.
Passengers, we’ll be arriving soon. Check under your seat to make sure you don’t leave behind any personal belongings. And if you picked up a complimentary disposable radio, remember to tune to 102.3 at the various plaques. We encourage you to listen in to our Edwards Island Walking Tour, and hear more about the fascinating events of this historical landmark.
Okay, you’re on the same team, I guess.
Eh, we'll make do. Lemons, lemonade, however that goes.
An optimist. Christ.
I couldn’t think of a different subject...
I just gotta keep tabs on Ren. He gets rattled easily.
No, I’m just… walking around.
Yeah, right. Get your barf bags ready.
Alright, my other friends should be up around the bend…
Actually, that... I mean I don’t mean to be the guy to break us up already, but Ren, could you do me a favor?
Can I have like two real quick minutes with Alex for a second?
And you can, you know... you can run up and meet your friends.
Uh, really?
Just… that’s kinda...
It’ll take three minutes, tops.
Wait, what could you possibly have to say that Ren can’t hear?
It’s... it’s not like that, it’s nothing, really. It’s just something I wanna talk to you about super fast, that’s all.
Jonas, c’mon, I vouched for you sight unseen and you’re already acting super weird.
And I appreciate the voucher, I do, and... I’m not trying to seem weird. I just want two minutes alone, that’s it.
Wait, is something wrong? What is it?
Nothing’s wrong, nothing’s wrong, it’ll take two minutes, super fast.
Alright, but... Look, I don’t wanna go up by myself.
I mean, can’t we just stick together, you’re gonna have all night to say, like… whatever.
But since you wanna meet up with your friends anyway...
We’re all gonna meet up with them, it’s like a buddy system.
So let’s be buddies.
C’mon, Jonas, this is… let’s just all go up. I don’t wanna send Ren away like deer hound.
Yeah, it’s fine, and you can talk to Alex later.
We’re like at hour one here, you’ll have ample family bonding time.
Uh… yeah, fine, sure. No problem.
No, it’s... it’s fine, Ren, go on up ahead and we’ll catch up with you.
Um… okay. I guess. Though this is like a really strange way to start off, splitting up.
I’ll be fast. Thanks, man.
I’ll be just up the hill in case… whatever.
Um… just nevermind. I’ve already made everyone uncomfortable so…
No, it’s... you’re not making anyone uncomfortable, but… I mean, let’s all just go up.
Yeah, he’s... Look, just what did you want to talk to me about before I suspect something nefarious.
No, it’s nothing… it’s not bad.
Listen, I just wanted to grab you ahead of time and say you’ve been… cool… about everything. And...
We can... we can catch back up with Ren now, I didn’t mean to take so long.
Actually, that... I mean I don’t mean to be the guy to break us up already, but...
No, Jonas… I have a feeling I know what you’re gonna say, and… it’s fine. Yeah, it’s weird us living together now, but… it’s okay, let’s just meet up with our friends.
Oh, uh, okay. sure.
Passengers, we’ll be arriving soon. Check under your seat to make sure you don’t leave behind any personal belongings. And if you picked up a complimentary disposable radio, remember to tune to 102.3 at the various plaques. We encourage you to listen in to our Edwards Island Walking Tour, and hear more about the fascinating events of this historical landmark.
Wait, who’s talking right now?
What? What’s going on?
What? Where are you going?
But seriously he seems okay, right?
I’m listening, I’m listening.
It’s fine, go bond with your new housemate.
Keep up the chatter, I can hear you.
[sigh]
Hey, Alex, you brought the radio, right?
The little portable one?
Yeah, of course.
Perfect. Can you pull it out a second?
What radio?
That little... you know, the little... it almost looks like a *toy*, the... oh. Oh, you're joking.
Just bring it out, will you.
There's the little guy.
Our high school has a radio station and Carly... she’s a friend of ours... she's filling in because Reggie got mono from some track runner or something.
It doesn't matter, what *matters* is that she's gonna say something like... *basically* right now about our thing, so...
Tune it to 88.3 so I can tell her we heard it.
It's, uh, to the *left* of the dial.
88.3.
If we miss it, I'll never hear the end from her.
Alex, for the love of all that is holy, it's 88.3!
Haha! That’s awesome!
We're slowing down.
Yeah, so... I know it's Edwards Island, I know it was a military base, I know it's a, uh, a *bird* thing now, but... I still don't know what we're *doing*... exactly...
I hope *Christina* with her Talent Show Judge face was listening.
We must be getting close.
There’s no radio reception on the island… I’m glad I got to hear it before it went totally kaput.
If we can’t use it, why’d you bring it? Not just for the boat...
Um, no. You’ll see. Don’t expect too much, but… nah, it’ll be fun, I won’t undercook it.
You’ll see.
Yeah, why’d you want me to bring this again?
For the... you know why, the cave thing. But take it out now, I wanna show you something.
Uhhh… did you... did you guys hear that last part?
What part?
Um, wait… was that... that sounded a lot like my voice, right? At the end there?
Nah. Well I mean Carly maybe kinda sounds like you if you sucked down three helium balloons or something.
Hey, there’s an old ship’s wheel up here. It’s a replica from a… Portuguese caravel, it says?
Uh, yeah, I think the Portuguese discovered the island? I dunno. I mostly slept through the maritime portion of history class.
Who’s the... who’s driving this?
That’s Sea Captain Karen! She’s doing us a favor. You’ll notice we’re the only ones doing the voyage...
Yeah, I, uh, did notice that.
It’s a little hush-hush but she’s dropping us off and then doing a, uh, miscount on the way back. So we can spend the night!
Yeah, uh, what’s up with that? Does no one normally go there at night.
Nobody really lives there, so no. And Karen’s not gonna mind that we’re spending the night.
Sea Captain Karen’s technically a friend of the family, but… I think she’s secretly dating my Aunt.
I guess she can’t hear me.
Goodbye, town.
How you doin' up there, Karen?
Just give me a second, the boat's got me all woozy.
Okay, take your time...
Listen, Alex… I didn’t wanna say anything to Ren or Nona, but… the truth of it is I’m not feeling too awesome right now.
You’ll be fine, Jonas, c’mon, just shake it off, don’t fade out on me now.
No no, c’mon, Jonas, we’ve... we’ve cleaned the whole house, nobody wants to scrub the toilet but it’s gotta be done, it’s *gotta* be done before we can fall on the couch and watch cartoons, okay?
Just hang in there, Jonas, okay? I know you feel like a garbage snow man right now, but… we’re almost done.
It’s kinda getting… worse.
Actually.
Hey, what do you call a man who’s short of time?
Huh?
Have you heard this one?
You know, I’m not really in the mood for...
Is this a joke?
Yeah, it’s, a... What do you call a man that’s short of time. Tim. You call him Tim.
No clue.
Tim. You call him Tim.
[sigh]
Oh. [polite, strained laughter]
Oh, brother.
Yeah, it’s not one of my finest.
Um… uh oh, this, uh, this feels different again…
Oh. Oh, really? I mean… it’s not like we’ve been here before, so…
Wait, another... we just had another time loop again, but… I dunno, it feels, like, *wrong* to even have one right now.
[sigh] Yeah. I mean, yeah, it’s gonna be... it’s getting worse, so… they might happen with more... like with more frequency or something now.
[sarcastic sigh] Great.
Well… I hope that worked…
It’s like… it’s a little stuck.
But, uh, anyway’s the door’s kinda stuck...
Not, like, *super glued* stuck, but…
But… it shouldn’t be too much of a problem.
Okay, let’s try shoving into it, or…
Oh, *man*. And the cave is like *right* here, I think.
It feels like it’ll budge if we just… put our stomachs into it, but…
Wait, before we... Look, if something happens on the other side of this door, just... don’t be stupid.
Cut and run, okay?
If I turn into dead weight or start freaking out…
Just get to the boat, do whatever you have to.
Just get out of here.
But seriously, Alex, before we do whatever it is we’re about to do in there… if I start bugging out or it gets too weird… don’t stop for me.
Just get out.
Do whatever you gotta, but get to your friends.
Don’t talk like that, alright? Nothing’s going to *happen*, there’s no way this ends like that, we won’t let it.
Jonas, we’re *all* getting out of here.
I mean... look, we’re about to fix this in two minutes. Two minutes, this is *microwave popcorn* of a problem.
If that’s…. how you feel. But I’m not about to even, like, think like that right now, think positive.
I’m not asking, I’m telling.
Okay?
Okay Mr. Dramatic, will you just shut up and help me with the door.
Alright, fine! I’ll leave you with your guts hanging out on the side of the road at the first provocation!
That’s what I wanna hear, thank you.
Look, dream a little dream, buddy, it’s not gonna happen, I’m not gonna leave you.
Now, let’s just get this door open, do what we gotta and get home.
Okay.
Alright, let’s do the door. Like the… Parks office, okay? On three.
One.
Wait. Wait wait wait, okay, you know what, that’s... this is like the tenth time we’ve heard this song all night.
There is *something* going on with…
Like, *why* would this *specific* tune be all over the place?
I have to know what’s going on before we head in there, I’m sorry.
But really I... I gotta know what this is about, this song being everywhere.
I’ll be fast, but…
It’s just too strange.
Yeah, it’s probably a *trick*, Jonas. The ghosts know we’re closing in on... on booting them out and they’re throwing up distractions to distract you!
Maybe you’re right, maybe you’re right, but… it’s... I mean, it’s *ghosts* and I’m not about to throw away the possibility this is something… else.
I know this is, like, *sensitive* for you, Jonas, but… we really don’t have time to waste here, I don’t think.
Set a stopwatch, I won’t take more than five minutes.
Okay, if it’ll make you feel better… we’ll investigate the Case of Jonas’s Mom’s Weird Song *before* we save our lives.
Sounds perfect.
It’s… it’s like breaking or something.
Can you... can you fix it?
I mean, it’s just so crazy to keep hearing this, right?
Like, this is *not* like a popular… tune or whatever, it’s just this little jingle she’d play on our keyboard thing.
It was like a tic, she had.
I dunno…
But try and get it playing right, if you can.
Alright, I know what you’re thinking, and… Jonas, I’m sorry, but chances are *remote* that this is, like, your *actual Mom* collect calling you from the grave or something.
Yeah, but… *how* remote, really.
Okay, I’m gonna give you some leeway here because *I’d* want it with Michael, so… take a look.
Okay, good, thank you.
It’s…. it sounds like… it’s like *her*, a recording or… it’s just... it’s my *Mom*, that’s her voice in the static.
You can hear that right?
I mean I know you don’t know what she sounded like, but…
You can hear that... the voice, right?
Jonas, this… it doesn’t feel right, something’s wrong.
Wait, wait, wait.
Jonas, I… I think we should go. Really.
I can… kinda hear it?
Is it possible, do you think it’s possible, I mean, for, like... we’ve been *talking* with *ghosts* the entire night, do you think it’s…
Like it *could* be, right?
It’s... just with everything that’s happened, she could have come here...
I… Jonas, I’m sorry, but I… I *really* don’t think that’s her. Like *really* her.
Well how would you know, you don’t know that for sure.
And I’m not saying *I* know that for sure but the stuff we’ve seen tonight, it... just, this *has* to be possible. Right?
It’s possible… I mean, a lot’s happened tonight in this, uh, general realm of craziness, so... I’m not gonna rule it out.
Or… like found me or knew I was in trouble or…
God, she’s like *so* close, can you just... can you just try and tune in the signal, this tape player thing isn’t even...
I have like no clue what’s going on, but…
If you could just help me with this right now…
Please?
It’s too dangerous, Jonas, I’m sorry, but.. this could be anything, *anyone*.
“Too dangerous?” We... I mean, you’ve been using that radio to do *everything* all night, like a swiss army knife, like a *spork* and suddenly *this* is too dangerous?
Jonas, I know this is… tough to understand, but we *really* should be using the radio to get *out* of here, and, like, that’s it.
We *have* to leave.
We don’t *have* to leave, you just *want* to leave.
Uh, sure, I can... I can try, I guess.
Yeah, cause this… I don’t know how to get this, uh, clearer or whatever.
C’mon, I’m sorry, but *please*, can you try and understand what’s happening here?
Just… please, help me out.
I just cannot…
I just can’t really get this to… change… or….
[annoyed grunt]
Mom, can you...?
Hmph.
But really can you just, like, try and… you know, just try and tune in the signal.
Oh my God.
Wait, what’s going on? Is this like, uh…
This is... this is amazing.
Mom? Is that...
Whoah, uh…
Alex?
Jonas, wait!
Jonas, don’t!
Jonas! I need you, come back! Come…
Jonas! Where did you... where did you go! Come back!
Oh no.
Wait, it’s… damn, it’s another Radio Wave Lock thing.
Oh, uh… maybe I can, um, do something.
Seriously? Jonas, I think when this thing was last used, *Benny Goodman* was on the air, so it’s not like...
Oh my God, I don’t care about Benny friggin’ Goodman, just let me see if I can...
Jonas, it’s not a normal lock that needs picking, it needs like… an electrician. From the 40’s.
No, c’mon, if I can get my prohibition era washing machine to work, I can do something about a...
Okay… uh, have at it.
Yeah, this’ll just take like...
Just give me like...
Ignore that.
Jonas, please, from here it looks like you’re just jamming your knuckles into electrical sockets.
Can you just stop before I watch you get fried?
I kinda mostly know what I’m doing! A little, anyway… just let me try some stuff.
Do you… do you really have any idea what you’re doing right now?
Not... not really, not at all, but this is the only way through, so just let me try some stuff.
*Please* be careful. Don’t electrocute me. Or yourself.
I’m just gonna assume that’s the order of importance.
It’s kinda spooky, right, the beds? Thinking they would’ve slept here while the rest of us burned.
Yeah, but… do you think it would even have worked?
Nah, I think it would’ve worked.
There’s enough tons of concrete here to keep them from, uh, mutanting, I think…
Yeah… maybe not. It’s kinda sad to think about…
Too late now, anyway… they never got to try it out.
Like, if... if Yugoslavia or whoever dropped an A-Bomb on their heads…
I don’t know if this place would’ve held up.
Can you believe this? Like… what is happening…
Yeah, is the radio messing with stuff more here because we’re, like, closer to the... the ocean or whatever?
Yeah, I think so. But it’s not like I really have any, uh, solid understanding of it…
Who knows. Adler had her theories, but… I’m not gonna try, I just want it stopped.
Or… closer to the... the “tear” or…
I don’t know what to call it.
C’mon, Jonas… let’s… let’s just get in the cave and… remember why we’re here, okay?
Can’t you just help me out with this? Please?
Let’s go, Jonas, I don’t wanna risk doing anything we’ll regret or miss our window or... or just *not* getting this right.
This is more important, I’m sorry.
I... I know you’re right, okay, I just… I just wanted to see if this was… I don’t even know, it’s fine, let’s… just let’s do this.
No, now… really, we... we have to finish this. Before it’s too late, okay?
Okay.
Alright, but… quickly.
This would be *a lot* quicker if you would just come over here and do your thing.
Hey, hold on, I think that was... that was working, wasn’t it?
Maybe this isn’t a good idea. I mean, don’t you feel a little like a rabbit chasing a strung up carrot?
We’re not gonna be thrown in a *stew*, alright? It’s fine.
Now, c’mon, try again, please?
Oh, whoops. My mistake.
She was sounding clearer, I think.
Can you... can you please try it again?
It’s… it feels, like, wrong to see one of these when we’re not in a, uh, a time loop, right?
Yeah. It kinda does.
[grunt]
[grunt
Alright, we both swing in on three, alright?
One.
Two.
Three!
Alright, on my count.
On three, okay?
Do it with me, okay? Just like before.
When I say three, shove, alright
Jonas, this is a... I know we tried this before, but… I think we might be able to change things, like, *really* change things if… if we lucky with the timing.
What do you mean?
What timing?
We can, like, *talk* through the radio waves to another... another timeline. We might be able to still, like, warn ourselves, I think.
Um, okay, uh, neat, but… what good would that do *us*, really.
We can send messages through these things to... it’ll like let us communicate with a, uh, another *version* of us, I saw it happen, the *effects* when... when I got send *back*.
I don’t... I don’t even know, really… the ghosts and… Clarissa on the beach said something that just makes me think we can still tweak things in… some way...
Well… if you wanna try something, now’s the time.
It’s not like the version of me that can *fly* is gonna bust through here and save us, so.
What’s the point.
Yeah, I... I guess you’re right.
There’s still… there’s still some good in trying, I think. I don’t know.
[sigh] Okay, I won’t stop you.
Trying to save *somebody* isn’t nothing, Jonas, it’s still *you* that’d be safe in bed at the end of all this, it’s just not... it’s just not…
It’s just not *us*. Not exactly.
But, I mean, hey, I’m not gonna stop you.
Say whatever you think will help, I guess.
Alex, this is…. you, okay? Just… don’t go into the cave. Whatever you do. Don’t go into the cave.
Alex, this is… Alex… Just… don’t use your radio for the rest of the night. Okay? Just don’t use your radio.
Alex, this is… Alex, and… listen, *don’t* come to Edwards Island. Whatever you do, just... just don’t come here. Stay home. Stay... safe.
I think… this is like a two way receiver. It’s on… which… I dunno, this might just be a cruel joke played by, you know… *them*.
Yeah, I mean… it’s kind of too late for the cavalry at this point.
But if you wanna try something still, go ahead.
We got a few seconds of precious survival time left.
Hey, if you’re out there, we got stranded on Edwards Island… anybody have a...[gets cut off]
Do not. Hurt yourself. With the strain. Of trying.
There is. No. Way. Out. Alex.
Hello, hello, anybody out there? We missed the last ferry off the island so if anyone can...[gets cut off]
Do not. Hurt yourself. With the strain. Of trying.
There is. No. Way. Out. Alex.
Yeah, we’ve run out of time.
Hey, what did you do?
Uh, I don’t know.
I’m just trying to help?
The, uh... I think it’s getting worse.
What’s getting worse.
The... whatever’s… causing these time shift things, or… whatever’s happening.
Yeah, I… think so, too.
Not that it can get *much* worse, but…
Oh, the Radio Lock thing’s back to working. It says… there’s note that says the code is, uh, “Industry.”
So.
Guess we’re all set…
Uh, great.
Well… at least my screwing around worked… kind of.
Jonas!
Oh, Jesus, you scared me.
*I* scared you?! You scared me, I had no idea where you were!
Didn’t you hear me calling for you?
Jesus… you scared me.
I didn’t hear you at all. You were really calling for me?
Yes!
Why did you run off without waiting for me!
Are you okay?
I’m sorry for going ahead, I thought... I thought I heard somebody down here, but, you know… obviously there isn’t.
[big breath]
I didn't hear you come up.
I scared you? You scared me! I had no idea where you were.
Sorry, I thought… I thought I heard someone down here. But, you know… obviously there isn’t.
Why did you run off without waiting for me?
Are you okay? I mean, what are you even doing? I had no idea where you went to.
But isn’t this place incredible?
I mean, I don’t even know how this… how this happens.
It's crazy.
No, it’s, uh, it’s beautiful.
It’s honestly creeping me out. I feel like we’re in Satan’s underground lair.
It’s a little creepy, but… I mean, it’s all just a cave, just a natural cave.
Yeah, sure, it’s amazing, can we just like go now?
Wait wait wait gimme a second.
Alright.
Uh. Neat.
See? *That’s* what I heard. It sounds like a *person*, almost, right?
Kind of?
I don't know where it's coming from.
Okay, at this point if we stay we’re just idiots. Right? We’re just the horror movie morons the audience screams at to leave.
Noooo. Maybe.
Maybe it is someone, you ever think of that? Maybe it’s the crazy guy who lives here and he’s gonna eat our stomachs.
Where is he, then? In which of these tiny air holes does he hibernate?
What could that be? Echoes…? Sounds of the ocean bouncing off the walls?
Beats me, I failed geology.
I guess it stopped...
But take a look around at some of this stuff, seriously.
There's some cool crap in here.
Can we just go. Please? I really don’t like it here.
Yeah, okay. We can go. Lead the way.
Seeing as how I crawled in here to get you, might as well make the most of it.
Yeah, I mean Ren hasn’t even seen this stuff, right? We’re gonna be the experts now.
Oh geez, don’t even joke about that out loud to him, really, he’ll lose his only sense of self worth he has left.
I’m just… this place just makes me really super nervous, that’s all, so…
You don’t have to explain, I totally get it. Let’s... just get back to the happy fun time beach festivities, okay? It’s fine.
It’s just… my friends are waiting, you know? Ren is like lost in his own brain right now, and...
Thank you.
What are you even doing?
“To my son, Charles. Always loyal.“
It can be. Sure.
There was a light in here somewhere. I still wanna see what made it.
Yeah, and... I mean, look if it’s cool we can get the others and if it’s not we’ll just leave.
It must just be further in.
Let’s try and find it before we go back.
What… wow, how is that… you see the floating, uh, triangle light thing, right?
Um. Yes.
No. Where?
It's like right in the, uh, the air there...
Must be like… like a… like a rainbow or a… like a reflection of light?
Those, um, exist. Right?
Cave… triangle rainbows?
I mean... probably, right?
But, uh, I was just gonna say that I think the triangle looking thing’s like a rainbow or something?
Sure, why not, let’s go with that for the time being.
Um, maybe? Until last week I hadn’t heard about *parrotfish* either, so... I guess anything’s possible.
It doesn’t really look like a trick of light, Jonas. It looks like someone’s science fair project just floating there.
I think this is all tied to when you tuned in those weird signals out there in the, um… what am I trying to say... I, uh, think that you... tuned in... this... little guy somehow.
I think it's all the same thing.
Well, if I did… neat! I finally know what it feels like to catch a big trout.
Noooo, no way. There’s, like, twenty things wrong with that idea with the number one being radios don’t conjure light beams.
C’mon, it happened outside! It’s not that far fetched.
Really? Ya think?
Definitely.
Try your radio... maybe that's like a frequency or something.
Alex, just... I think you tuned in the triangle when we were outside so… let’s see what else happens if you tweak the dial some more.
C’mon, bring out the radio, let’s see if the triangle thing will react at all.
Like, if it’ll have an effect.
Maybe, uh, later…
Oh, c’mon! Let’s do it, now.
Yeah, good idea. Maybe it’ll dance or twitch or something.
There’s a big triangle just sitting up there wanting to hear some weird static...
Seriously, we’re right here.
I wanna check out some of this stuff, first. The glowing thing isn’t going anywhere.
Okay, quit hasslin’, I’ll do it in a hot minute.
Hey, uh, wait, people don’t like bring their junk in here, right? Like, what is that?
It looks like a console or something…
Or like some.. kind of recording equipment… right?
Uh, people don’t exactly dump their trash here like it’s a stained couch on the interstate, so… yeah, this is weird.
It... whatever it is doesn’t even look that old, but… I don’t even know what it is, yet, so, uh...
I have a weird feeling that there should be, like, something else… here… but I can’t really put my finger on why…
Yeah, this looks like, uh, like a really, really, really old, uh, phone… thing.
Come check this out, seriously.
Alex....
What… the…
Jonas…
Hello. Dear. Tell everyone hello.
Hello. Everyone.
Uh. Hello.
Hi!
Hello?
Sleepy time gal. Everything fine. Hope things there same. Don’t know if leave is possible.
This is... insane.
What? What are you...?
I… I don’t know what…
Who… are you… who are you on the...?
Listen. Bob tail. Shave tail. Sleepy time gal.
Is. Leave. Possible.
Uh, yeah, sure, leave possible…
I… I don’t know what you mean, so… I can’t…
Um, maybe? But I don’t really…
We, uh, don’t know what you’re saying…
Bob tail. Leave children. My mothers. Will see them soon.
Oh. It’s you. Again.
You’ll give up. The struggle. To live. To escape. Eventually.
This story...
It is not. So sweet. As before.
Huh?
Me again? What do you... what do you mean?
What... what struggle, what are you talking about? Escape?
These. Machines.
They won’t help.
Other you. Can’t help.
They can’t *be* helped.
Not if we. Are unhelped.
“Other me?” What... what does that mean?
Another Alex. Infinite. Alex. And endless. Us.
But everyone. Still. Has to play.
These machines? What machines, these... this speaker thing? What does that have to do with anything?
The waves.
The *waves*. It’s the waves, we think.
Transmitters. Bleed through. So other Alex can hear.
But it. Won’t. Change anything.
What... *what* won’t help, what’s... what’s happening?
Messages. In bottles. Drown with all else.
Even if you reach. Another. Alex. It won’t matter.
What... what’s going on, where are you, what... what are you *talking* about, we can barely understand...
Fine. Another round. If you like.
Alex!
Jonas!
What's...!
Ahhhhhh!
“See A Man About A Dog…” Sure. Will do.
Why would a guy bring an ash tray down here… or a pen…
Yeah, I have no idea what this is.
I wish this was a door.
Yeah, me too.
Hey, look! An armoire!
Oh my God, who cares! You were just making lasers in the sky, Alex! Let’s get back to that!
This is honestly the craziest thing in here.
I know.
Like… how’d it even get in? And, I mean, aside from some, like, water damage… it’s not really even that junky.
I guess it’s locked.
Yeah, zippity doo dah.
Yeah, I already tried.
If we ever get out.
“...Saw the Man, Not the Dog.“
What the crap does that mean?
A guy who can't see dogs.
Did you see the first half?
“See a Man About a Dog?” Yeah. I don’t get it, either.
I’ll take it.
It’s the same, everywhere. There’s no other exit.
I know, I know.
This, uh, cave wall is kinda… interesting, right?
Not as interesting as that light beam thing you were making out of thin air, but... sure.
Like, what is this… made out of? Is it ice?
I don’t know. Pockets of it are cold… but not all of it.
If this garbage was only moving we could follow out the current.
Well… yeah, I would still assume it came in from the ocean, but... I dunno.
Yeah, I don't know either.
This is so bizarre. I would say this stuff is trash but it looks still like in…. kinda good condition.
Yeah, oh yeah, that's really bizarre. That's like the most bizarre thing we've seen all day! Trash!
More floating garbage… only it doesn’t look like garbage but somebody’s actual *stuff* that they just tossed in here.
Maybe it floated in from the ocean…
I don’t know how it would.
Apart from the, uh, triangle... this is honestly the craziest thing in here.
It’s... oh. It’s, like, *on*... That’s... okay… But anyways I was gonna say that it looks like an intercom or something?
Yeah, I don’t know… just say something into it, see what happens.
Maybe there’s speakers somewhere.
Or they’ll hear it outside...
Hello out there? This is, uh, Cave FM, “No. 1 for Cave, Grotto and Subterranean Country.”
Uh, if anyone can hear this, it’s Jonas and Alex talking into a weird, uh, cave machine?
Uh, testing, testing… this is a test of the Beach Cave Emergency System…
Hey, Ren? Nona? Can you guys hear me? It’s Alex, in case you can’t recognize my...
Maybe it’s… broken?
I mean, that wasn’t you, right? It sounded all distorted.
Sleepy time gal. Everything fine.
“Sleepy time gal?” Is that a recording or something?
...Wh... who was that?
Jonas! Jonas!
Jonas, where are you!
Jonas, come back!
Jonas, seriously! Where are you!
Jonas, are you alright?! Shout if you’re… like, bleeding or something!
Errghgh, Jonas, I am gonna friggin’ kill you for this!
Oh my God.
Is this... are you... is this... you... are you doing this?
I-I think!
Yeah!
Should... should I stop?!
No! This is awesome!
I can’t even, like... what is... what’s...?!
Is it... what’s it...?!
Is it something... making?!
Shut up!
I know, I know!
Is it? It what?!
Jesus.
Wait! *Why* did you stop!
That was like the most incredible thing in the history of like everything!
Bring that radio back out!
We don’t even know what that *thing* is!
Yeah, exactly, let’s find out!
It’s friggin’ scary, that’s why!
Yeah, it’s… it’s *scary*, but… I’m sure the first *caveman* to make *fire* was a little *scared*, too!
That doesn’t compare!
[angry groan]
I’m sorry, I got… confused!
Alright, well let’s do it again, I wanna see it again.
Just… just give me a second.
C’mon, Alex, do the tuning thing again before we… uh… leave...
Actually… actually, wait, this isn’t the way we came in, right?
Is this… this can’t be the way we came in, right?
We must have… double backed the wrong way somehow?
Or...
Oh my God. This is the way we came in.
Alex, c’mon, that’s not possible. It’s just wall, where’s the crack we crawled through?
There’s no other... this is *it*, Jonas, *this* is the way, if it’s not here, then where, we didn’t *miss* it.
I don’t know where it is! I have no idea!\n
Okayyy. There has to be… some kind of explanation.
We just missed… uh… a turn somehow?
Yeah. Yeah…
We’re trapped. We’re trapped!
Alex…
How the Hell are we gonna get out of here! It’s just rock, where’s the opening?!
I don’t know, but… it didn’t just disappear. We must have just missed it.
Let’s just go back the other way. We got *in*, there has to be a way out.
No. There really doesn’t.
Sure…
Let's just... ignore that.
Easier said than done.
Just don’t think… about… things.
[Sigh]
Sure thing, will do!
I really, truly hate this.
I know.
C’mon, c’mon, c’mon.
Oh my God, seriously, again?!
You’re unbelievable.
Okay, sorry, that time I stopped just to see what you’d do.
Uhh…
Hello? Anyone there?
I’ll take that as a good sign.
I won’t.
It sounds... louder?
A little.
Maybe you can *tune* them out.
Funny guy over here.
Just sayin'.
You know what, try your radio. Maybe that’s like a… frequency or something…
Could be?
Right?
Jonas, that makes absolutely no sense. If it was a frequency, we wouldn’t be able to hear it at all.
I can’t explain anything that’s going on right now, so… let’s not jump to conclusions about what makes sense and what doesn’t.
Jonas, really, now’s not the time for the radio. We’re in a cave. Underground.
And we were in a “cave” outside, too, and a bunch of weirdo stuff happened when you tuned it, right?
I’m just saying… maybe it’ll pick up whatever... that is.
Jonas, what the Hell good will that do.
Well we don’t know unless we try, right?
I know it sounds stupid, okay, you don’t think I don’t know how stupid this sounds?
But all I’m saying is… maybe it’ll pick up whatever... that is.
Anybody there?
You know what I would do if I had a radio…
Yeah, I know what you’d do, you’d use it.
You and I are so in synch.
I don’t really care what you’d do.
But, you know… I guess that’s just me…
Yes. Let's.
Let's do it, c'mon, radio time.
Alex, really. I wanna see what it's gonna do.
Are you gonna make me beg?
Please, Alex, please, let's do the tuning thins!
Ok, just... do whatever you want.
Jonas, you jerk! Why’d you do this?!
Whatever you think you can do… you can’t.
You’ve run out of time.
If you’ll allow us the word play.
Just... will you... just... *stop* it, just *stop*, please!
Just... will you... just... *stop* it, just *stop*, please!
I *know* you wanna be out, I know, but don’t, like, *trade* us off!
It will be a fair trade. Body for body, time for time.
*Look* around you! Things are, like, completely falling apart, it’s not just... it’s not just about *us*, my *friends* anymore!
Don’t you care?!
Clarissa! Are you... are you in there!
Clarissa’s… asleep, right now. Be still so as not to wake her.
You act like it’s our fault! We’re not the start of all this, we’re *nothing* in a sandstorm, a *monsoon* *you* created!
And *no*, by the way, we *don’t* care. Why should we!
They didn’t *care* about us!
They left us! They lied!
They did care! Just because they couldn’t *save* you doesn’t mean they didn’t care!
Yes, child. That’s *exactly* what it means.
Maggie cared! She left notes all over the place to... to... to tell people, to *expose* what happened.
*Oh*, she left “notes.” What copper.
We needed something *real* when it *mattered*.
That’s no reason, no reason *at* *all* to screw a bunch of strangers who had *nothing* to do with it.
You’re here by their very *existence*, the… fathers and mothers who built this on our graves.
You came to a tomb. You just didn’t know it.
So don’t speak to us… about “caring.”
We’re not going back, we *won’t*... go back.
Wait, stop!
Child. Wait your turn.
Clarissa!
Clarissa!
Is that it?! Is she... is she done?
Are they, like, coming back now or something?
God, we gotta… I dunno.
No way, it can’t be, they’d... they’re still trying, they haven’t done it yet, we can still do something.
No, there’s... I think there’s still time left, we can still do something.
No, we haven’t been, whatever, “switched” or whatever’s going to happen, so there must still be a way to reverse this.
Okay, what’s the plan, what are we gonna do, hit me with it.
I’m getting my fifth wind.
We can’t let us be too late.
While there’s still time.
But Alex, really… we gotta... I know we didn’t exactly have a *plan*, here, but… let’s come up with one.
We gotta go in. We gotta bring her back.
“Go in?” When somebody falls into a tar pit, you don’t... you don’t jump in after them, you find a *branch*.
So…
I dunno about the whole “going in” idea.
And I’m not saying she’s not worth the risk, but…
We don’t know what’s on the other side.
But… I don’t mean to crap on the idea or anything but, I mean, normally you don’t jump into the ocean to save a kid, you throw them a branch of a raft or something..
What “branch?” There is no branch or rope or anything around that can... I’m not debating this, this is what we have to do.
Maybe the radio’s the branch. You know? We tune it, uh, just so and… it pulls her right out, somehow.
There’s no time to go back and forth on this, Jonas, they said we had until dawn, and the sun’s coming up *really* soon.
Okay, you’re right.
I’m just saying, there might be a way to just… spring her out.
There might be a way to, I dunno, pop her back out or something. It’s just...
We’ll… we’ll… I dunno, Maggie said something on her... whatever about… tuning into the “source” of it.
Whatever this is, whatever we opened has to be a part of that.
Okay, but… the gate went *blank* on us, like… all of them have been doing.
How do we... how do we tune into something like this?
This is wrong time to go dumb, but… I kinda am. You have any ideas? Plans? Anything?
Um, well… I mean, the gate looks... it’s what’s been happening with all of them after we mess with it, it just… goes blank.
To get Clarissa back, I can’t see how we’re not gonna have to turn this one back on…
The “gate” looks... it’s what happens with all of them, they just… “stop”... or whatever.
We’ve never had to jump start one to “working,” so…
And I’m not saying she’s not worth the risk, but…
We don’t know what’s on the other side.
What are you thinking?
You’re the one who’s been doing this all night.
But… don’t ask me how.
What are you thinking?
You’re the one who’s been doing this all night.
So how do you think we... we “turn on” or whatever the... the gate.
That’s a new trick we haven’t had to do, yet.
Just, uh, try a bunch of stuff until we either get body swapped with a bunch of pissed off ghosts or… save the day.
Aye aye.
I have… no Earthly idea.
What about… non-Earthly ideas.
Nothin’? You got nothing? Alright.
None of those either.
None of those either? Okay.
Yeah, I gotta a minivan full of *Martian* ideas, why didn’t you ask.
Did we really do this? Is… the breaking down of… everything… our fault, like they said.
I don’t know, Alex. The ghosts don’t seem to be in *control* as much as… taking advantage.
Don’t wanna try this?
Crap, whoops. My mistake. Just a second.
Ugh, sorry, in a minute.
Alright, we don’t have a lot of time, but sure.
I mean, it’s doing something.
I can’t believe this is all because of… God. Whatever.
Uhhh, okay, alright, this is... this is something. Hopefully good.
Just… hang on, Clarissa. Please.
Hopefully.
What’s... what’s happening, why isn’t it “connecting” or whatever it does?
I don’t know!
Are you doing it right?
Still?
Try and, uh, keep it going.
Alex! Just... whatever happens, just...
Wait… huh? This has always worked… before…
Why… isn’t this, like, connecting…?
Don’t wanna try this?
I mean, it’s doing something.
Crap, whoops. My mistake. Just a second.
Ugh, sorry, in a minute.
Alright, we don’t have a lot of time, but sure.
Was it not working?
No, I just... I just slipped a second, sorry.
Something felt… off, weird, I dunno. Just… give me a minute.
Cause I think we should or… you know, *you* should keep at it. For now, at least.
Jonas, are you sure? We’ve never done this, or... *it* this *way* before…
We didn’t do *a lot* of things before tonight, with time running out this is not exactly the moment to… *not* do things.
Let’s keep it up, see what happens.
Let’s keep it up, see what happens.
Let’s keep it up, see what happens.
Yeah, okay, sorry.
Just a... just a minute, alright.
Do it again, do your thing again.
Ooof.
Jonas?! Jonas, are you... are you here?
Is anybody... uh, can anybody hear me? Clarissa, maybe?
Ugh, where am I? This isn’t... God.
Hello? Is somebody there?
Uh, ghosts? Is that you?
Jonas? Are you... are you in here somewhere? Anybody? Clarissa?
Guess not.
You’ve come to close the hole… right, girl?
Well, you’re gonna find out it’s not that simple.
The horses have already left the barn.
Yeah, I’ve come to close the hole, I’ve come to... to do what Maggie Adler *tried* to do fifty years ago, alright?
Okay, well, it didn’t work then, why would it work now!
*Or* you could just, like, *leave*, you know, there’s still time to not be complete monsters about this and do the right thing here.
The “right thing,” oh, I’m sure it’s *very* easy for someone like you to dictate terms when you’ve never really been challenged.
Where… where am I?
Home. Your home... soon, anyway.
God. You’re so spoiled. You don’t even know the cost of things.
Closing the hole with your stupid *toy* will spare your... your *friends* from our bloom, sure, but it will seal *you* up in *here* with *us.*
You’ll die with *us*, again and again.
So think *long* and *hard* about those *friends*.
If you can even call them that.
It’d be an alright way to go if it meant saving some people you care about.
You’re just trying to scare me, that isn’t... that *can’t* be the only way!
Wait, really? Why... why is that...
Look around you, dear. You’re on the wrong side of the tracks.
So. You tried to send a message… to *yourself*.
Well I’m sorry to be the bearer of bad news, sweetie, but… the Alex out there, this… hypothetical innocent creature who has yet to meet Jonas or be scared or lost…
Even if she hears it… it won’t save you.
It’s... it’s worth a try! It’s worth *something*, the effort... I’ll never stop *trying*, why should I!
And why should we?!
Well… I’m screwed either way, so...
Yes. You are. Very good, you’ve learned a lot.
If… I dunno, maybe she’ll hear it, maybe… maybe she’ll listen, not come here. If I can... If I can help her… it’s enough, it’s… it’s worth it, it’ll be worth it.
It’s *not*! It’s not *worth it*!
You think we don’t know! You don’t think we’ve *tried* this, you think you thought of *one* *particle* of an idea that we haven’t already clung to!
It never does.
Do you think we wanted to be thrown away!
Like some faulty appliance!
We won’t *let it* end like that.
We *can’t*.
You don’t even comprehend why this is happening, do you?
They sent *warships* after us.
Like we were the... the fifth column!
It’s... it wasn’t supposed to be like that.
They didn’t know it was you!
*Nobody* knew, barely *anybody* knew, it wasn’t *just* Maggie’s fault or *their* fault, it… it was a catastrophic event.
“A catastrophic event.” You make it sound…
Fated.
Why would they do that, if... if you were…
They didn’t *care*, child. It’s sometimes that clean.
How can I fix it, then! Just... just tell me how to fix it, I’m here, I’m in the... the *past* for God’s sakes, I can't *change* this somehow?
No. You can’t change… before. You can’t change anything.
There’s... I know there was a crewman on that submarine named Francis, and... and to you, to *all* of you, I know it was fate, okay?
Sometimes things go bad! You... you’ll never change that!
I mean, that’s how stuff works, you said it yourself... uh, *yourselves*... that everything will happen again and again in the exact same way.
Not this time.
I don’t believe in fate. Things happen… and the people they happen to.
Yes, they do.
Nothing… is fated.
We can feel us… *binding*. You have maybe just a few *moments* left.
We feel terrible, we do, but... but... you have to know *why*... that everyone *chose* to forget about us.
*Everyone* just… shuttered us away...
Into a back closet of their thoughts.
They *let* us fade away, it wasn’t a... a *mistake* to scratch our names off the ledger and pretend it never happened.
It was a collective *repression*.
And this... this hole will finally be our healing.
Maggie remembered! She wanted to help you, it was all she did was... was try and figure out what had happened!
We’ve… watched her. In every timeline, watched her try and… understand.
Out of guilt, maybe...
They built a *monument* for you, how could you say that everyone forgot!
Oh, the *monument*, the memorial, the… *hunk* of metal. It’s a balm for their injured *pride*. That they let one of their own fall.
Wait, I have a minute left till *what*.
Until we are… complete. And you and your people will be here. And we will be out, with the… *real* again.
Wait wait wait, think about... think about what your relatives would think, what your *families* would think. Some of them are still alive!
They would think us *survivors*, if they’d think anything at all.
There’s... I know there was a crewman on that submarine named Calvin, and... and to you, to *all* of you, they didn’t forget, okay!
They didn’t throw you away!
All I know is… she *cared*. She did care. About you, and the accident. And yes... what she did.
You’re a fool if you think that.
I don’t know. I won’t… presume to know, but… I’d like to think that she just wanted to know you were okay.
You’re a fool if you think that.
Anything to close the book on us, we guess.
It won’t hurt… we don’t think… the change.
But we hope the trip was worth it. Seeing the… *depraved* tourist trap they’ve built on our carcass.
It won’t hurt… we don’t think… the change.
But we hope the trip was worth it. Seeing the… *depraved* tourist trap they’ve built upon our carcass.
The island… is a sham, it’s all… baubles and... and useless knick knacks to honor themselves.
Did you see the gift shop?
You can buy a little submarine *foot rest* if you fancy that sort of thing.
It has nothing to do with us.
Nothing at all.
Hey, Maggie lost someone, too! She lost Anna trying to *help* you, trying to... trying to get you out, bring you back!
*Margaret* built a... a *castle* on a hill. You think she… You think she even thought about us?
C’mon, they’re trying their best. They just wanna, like, commemorate you the only dumb ways they know how.
Yes. Commemorate us through commerce. How noble.
Hey, I hate this town more than anyone! In the summer, it’s crowded and loud and... and crass, and yeah, it sucks, it really does!
We can assure you, you don’t hate this town more than *anyone*.
This whole little… *community* is *for* you! They built it up around Fort Milner and for the soldiers that died, it’s all about *that*.
It’s not *for* us! We’ve twisted our bodies *screeching* two *inches* for your faces for you to... to see us!
And you never do!
Looking down on her... kingdom.
There’s... I know there was a guy on that submarine named Henry, and... just... to *him*, she wanted to help you, alright?
She wanted to help *all* of you.
She obviously did. She thought about you a lot, she couldn’t even bring herself to leave, I mean… what more of a sign do you want.
Signs aren’t what we wanted, dear.
Yeah, I mean… she felt guilty. And she just… she couldn’t get rid of it.
Neither could we.
Of course not.
One last chance. You don’t have to die.
You can leave, you know, through the gate you opened.
And we keep the girl. Cla. Riss. Sa.
She’ll be happier with us.
Anyway.
So make your choice.
Quickly.
While we still have patience to try.
So, wait… if I just wanna walk out… you’ll... you’ll let me?
But you’ll... you’re still gonna take… Clarissa? That’s it?
“That’s it?” Do you want more? A better bargain? That’s *all* you’ll get, that’s more than we *ever* had.
What! No way, I’m not... I’m not just going to abandon Clarissa! Who do you think I am!
Who do... who do you think *we* are?!
Do you want the *show* then? Is that it?
Henry...
Calvin…
Francis…
Was our name… ever…
Wait. Wait. My name…
Henry?
Calvin?
Francis?
I… almost remember.
My. Name.
Please, you... you don’t have to do this. Don’t hurt my friends, to... to come back, it won’t… be what you want, I don’t think. Not now.
We don’t know… what we want.
What I want.
You were... were… people, once. Don’t… lose that part of you to be… this.
It’s... it’s…
My name.
C’mon, guys, be... be *braver* than this, this is a... a cowardly thing, you’re trying to do. Be better than that.
We... we…
I. am. that.
And enough of this *useless* nostalgia! We don’t care about our... what *was* our names, we’ll have *new* names in five minutes!
Yes. Leave.
Henry Griffin.
Calvin Gilbert.
Francis Salter.
It’s hard to remember… certain things. Our faces went a while ago. Then our names.
Names. Our names. But our anger.
Our anger... is, we’re afraid, all we have left.
It’s kind of the last stitch…
Keeping it together.
If… that’s really all you have left… then… you can always take it with you.
I think… you should leave it behind. Just… I dunno. I just don’t think you need it anymore… if you ever did.
That’s not all you have. You *know* that’s not all you have.
But maybe that’s not enough anymore.
Scrap it.
Keep your nature. We’ll keep ours.
Maggie had... has... will have... this friend, and... you sort of remind us of her.
Strange girl… odd tempered…
Keep on to quality. Hold it safe.
Take care with the time you have left, child. And take notice of what you choose to...
This conversation is meaningless.
Enjoy the scenery.
It gets old after a while, believe us.
We will not see each other again.
Wait!
Alex!
To the crewman of the USS Kanaloa named Henry, I... I... I’m going out on a limb here, man.
I know you’re in there, I know you’re a *person*, I know you’re all *people*, c’mon, just... please, help me, help my friends. Stop this.
To the crewman of the USS Kanaloa named Calvin, I... I... I’m going out on a limb here, man.
To the crewman of the USS Kanaloa named Francis, I... I... I’m going out on a limb here, man.
Oh. Very good. You know a good barter when you see one.
Stay good.
Wait… what are you talking about?
*Leaving* means you’ve raised the white flag, child. We’ll let you walk, with your head and everything.
And Clarissa. Stays with us.
Yeah, I’m... I just wanna go home.
Believe us when we say… we understand completely.
We know more than most that... home is a powerful drive, Alex. You’ve made the right decision.
Goodbye, Alex. God gave us memory, the saying goes… but that is *all* He gave us.
Remember. Clarissa. As she was.
Remember your friends as they were. Because they will never be that. Ever again.
Oh! Getting started already, okay, you wanna play chicken with the *void*, fine.
Shut up! Whatever you say doesn’t matter anymore.
On the contrary, it actually matters quite a deal.
I can’t exactly *care* what happens to me, alright? If I can save everyone else, that’s more important.
You don’t know what you speak of. At all.
Oh, you don’t want this? Then get *out* of everybody and I’ll *stop*.
It’s everyone or nothing, girl. Understand your situation and accept it.
We can see how long you stay on the throttle.
Just don’t blink.
Hey, whoa, whoa, okay, I don’t know if you understand, child… closing the hole *traps* you here.
It traps us *all* here.
Your friends can go fornicate or whatever teenagers do, but not *you*, *ever*.
I’m not listening to you anymore, alright, so save it.
This isn’t idle chatter, you can... you can accept us as your keepers or kill yourself, that’s it!
My... my friends need my help, *Clarissa* needs my help, this is what has to happen. Whatever the consequences are for… me.
“Consequences,” hardly says it, dear!
I came here to do a job, okay? This is it, this is what I came here to do.
This so-called *job* will only expedite your end, Alex, stop before it’s too late.
Oh, okay. I see. You’re *exactly* like all the rest, you’d rather *kill* yourself than let us out.
You’re not leaving me a lot of wiggle room here. I have to do this or *everyone’s* screwed.
Only if you... you look at it in a *vulgar* way.
You... you’re still, like, *in* my friends! If I don’t do this, you’ll *never* leave.
Yes, but consider the circumstances!
It’s the only way since *apparently* there’s no use trying to talk you down.
*Talking’s* hollow if it’s not backed by a willingness to act, Alex. And there’s *nothing* you can do to *fix* this.
Fine.
Have it your way.
No… never... nevermind. You don’t... you don’t care at all. Or rather you care about the *wrong* *things*.
*Alexandra*, wake *up*. This course of action will *only* save *those* morons, *not* *yourself*.
I’m very aware of that, thanks.
You can’t talk me out of this, alright?
Don’t you understand?
This isn’t the road you wanna be on.
You’ll *never* see *anyone* *ever* again!
This is for Jonas.
*Jonas?* *Nothing’s* worth this.
This is for my friends.
Your *friends* would hardly do the same for you!
I’ve seen enough of the world, to be honest.
Only someone as *young* as you could *ever* think something like that.
You’ll be like *us*! Blind and mute!
Shattered and broken and lost to empyrean!
*Alright*, we think this *game* has gone past the point of tiresome.
If you’d have the gusto, you would’ve finished your plate by now.
Will you this time, maybe...? Maybe not.
Ah. Much better.
So we thought.
Ah. Much better.
So we thought.
Wait!
Time. Out. Alone. We are all on the same. Side.
Poor. Girl.
Joined. In always.
Malison. Youth.
It is the. Road. Of the Middled.
We all play. By. The same. Design.
Alex. Alex.
Alex, *why* are you wearing that jacket? It’s like seventy five degrees, the sun’s out, you know?
And I thought you said you were gonna go swimming anyway...
You bring a jacket, but you don’t bring a swimsuit.
Alex, *why* are you wearing that jacket? It’s like seventy five degrees, the sun’s out, you know?
And I thought you said you were gonna go swimming anyway...
You bring a jacket, but you don’t bring a swimsuit.
Alex, *why* are you wearing that jacket? It’s like seventy five degrees, the sun’s out, you know?
And I thought you said you were gonna go swimming anyway...
You bring a jacket, but you don’t bring a swimsuit.
Um… have you… I think you might have mentioned this before, but… maybe the cobwebs are clearing a bit or something, but *man* I feel like we’ve done this before.
So this might be coming out of nowhere for you, but… do you feel at all like we’re, maybe… kind of… done this before?
I… uh, this is, like, odd to say out loud… to you… but… do you at all have the feeling that we’ve done this before? Like... like come to the island and almost die?
Oh yeah? What... what am I gonna say now?
Nah, you’re just nuts, that’s all.
Oh. Well. Good.
We’re not, like, in a time loop right now, I don’t think, so… maybe it’s just the residual time, uh, *dirt* rolling around in your brain.
Yeah… maybe.
You know? No? Okay.
Really? [beat] What am I thinking right now...
Well. Good to know.
Yeah… I guess. Maybe. Sort of. Sure.
Okay, I’m the one behind the eight ball here, that’s okay.
Yeah, I dunno… it’s... I’ve had like goosepimples since we got off the boat, and... everything the ghosts have said, and… It’s almost like I can… like I know what you’re gonna say... before you say it.
I’m not... I won’t test you. [beat] Okay I lied what am I gonna say right now.
Oh, good, perfect.
Okay, I... I guess. Maybe.
Alright I’ll just shut up now, sorry.
I don’t know, this part feels, like, new or something!
Alright, don’t worry about it.
I don’t know, Nona, I’m not *psychic*, it’s not like I have a superpower here!
Okay, okay! I just... you’re the one bragging about your *precognition*.
Oh God, Nona, I don’t know. “Ghosts suck?”
Actually I just realized *I* don’t even know what I was gonna say, so… maybe I would have.
I don’t know, this part feels, like, new or something!
[sigh] Okay.
Uhh, I don’t know, “I’m confused and frightened and want to go home?”
Well… that’d be more impressive if there was anything else I’d want to say. But good job.
Oh geez, Jonas, I don’t know. “Ghosts sure do suck?”
Uh, yeah, close enough.
For the record I was gonna say, “Cheese balls,” but… just as like a... a test. Not cause I had any reason to really say it, you know, in context.
I don’t know, this part feels, like, new or something!
[sigh] Alright.
I don’t know, Ren, I’m not *psychic*, it’s not like I have a superpower here!
I didn’t say you had a “superpower,” I just thought cause you said, you know… just forget it.
Oh God, Ren, I don’t know. “Ghosts suck?”
[surprised] Oh, hey, yeah! You’re good at this.
Just so you know, I was thinking, “Ghosts suck.” [quietly] Ghosts suck.
And not *just* like this little part.
But, like… the whole night.
Like… literally what we’re doing right now?
Dealing with... with ghosts and time distortions and stuff?
I mean… like, I know we haven’t, but...
It just feels kind of like we have… in a weird, drunk, can’t-remember-sort-of way.
Huh? I brought the jacket because I like the jacket, and I never said I wanted to go swimming.
You just *inferred* it because I asked when the community pool opens.
I “inferred“ it?
It’s *cold*, that’s why, the sun is… kinda out, but when you’re in the shade it drops to like fifty.
No it doesn’t!
Didn’t you say you wanted to go swimming? Maybe you didn’t. Am I being stupid right now?
The sun is not out, the sun is… I guess it *barely* came out *just* now, but... see, this is when I get punished for watching the weatherman, he said it was gonna be like overcast.
He said there was a *chance* for *clouds*.
Didn’t you say you wanted to go swimming? Maybe you didn’t. Am I being stupid right now?
Hey, Michael, we… didn’t bring drinks...
Did we?
I thought we said we’d bring drinks.
But… Mikey… you don’t have like ten sodas in your pocket or something?
I’m not harping on this, I just wanna know what if I should run back to town.
Wait, Michael!?
Uh… yeah?
What is it?
Did I almost… step on a crab or something?
Alex, you, uh, you yelled my name two seconds ago?
What is it?
You’re dead!
I’m dead. I’m dead?
I think she’s talking about the...
*Oh*, the- the car? No, they don’t... listen, Mom and Dad know, they don’t care.
Did I almost… step on a crab or something?
Well, I mean, they cared a little.
But, they know I can fix a broken taillight.
You were talking about the car, right? When you said I was dead?
Cause really, don’t worry about it, Dad knows.
He knows I’ll just fix whatever I break.
Why... how... *why* am I here?!
What, you don’t wanna hang out at the beach?
There’s stuff in town, but it’s all boring knick knack shops or whatever.
No, c’mon Alex, relax, we just got here.
So, anyways, you don’t wanna go to the beach…
Or…
Just we kinda just got here.
Where’s... where’s Jonas?
Jonas? Who’s Jonas?
Is someone else coming?
Yeah, is that a friend of yours?
But anyways, who’s Jonas?
Yeah.
I don’t think I’ve heard that name in your friend stable.
You wanna know who Jonas is? He’s my new *stepbrother*, okay!
Do you... do you get what’s happening now?
Alright, can you just like call a new friend your best friend for my sake. “Step brother’s” kinda encroaching on my territory, there.
Yeah, it’s like when my mom calls her *cat* her “special little lady.” It’s like I’m standing right here.
He’s just... he’s just a friend, but he was...
Well, I mean if he’s here there’s only two places he could be... the beach or the town.
Yeah, it’s a small island, I’m sure you’ll run into him.
Uh, just... nevermind, I guess.
Okay, Clarissa, take a note... remind me to check the yearbook for a “Jonas” so I can make fun of Alex’s secret boyfriend.
Noted.
Am I... did I get stuck in time or something?
No, I *know*, the day’s going by like crazy fast, right?
I feel like we were practically *just* accosted by those soccer players.
“Eyyy, It’s called ‘football’!“
But yeah, the afternoon’s flown by, right?
It’s like already two.
Are you... are you… one of those... one of them… are you one of the ghosts?
Am I what? I feel like this is the start of A Christmas Carol.
Is this because you keep having those dreams?
You’d be the Ghost of Christmas Cuteness.
Oh my *God*, you're *awful*.
We have to break up, that’s it, find your own way home.
Cause I had a *crazy* dream about...
Melanie Pfizer.
*Oh c’mon!*
But anyways back to me being a, uh, a *ghost.* Did you dream something last night?
Cause I had a *crazy* dream about...
Melanie Pfizer.
*Oh c’mon!*
No, Michael, like… you are *really* *genuinely* dead, you died.
Okay. I see. This… is because… you smoked up with Ren before you came out here, I knew it, I *so* knew it, I cannot believe you didn’t share with me.
No, no, you... you... you *drowned*, in... in Horn Lake, back at home!
Yeah, and last week I died in the fire, right, you keep having these nightmares cause you eat Mom’s cookies like *right* before bed. And anyways I'm gonna teach you how to swim at the pool in the park so don't worry about it.
No, no no no no, just listen to me… you *will* drown. Not here, but at Horn Lake. Back at home.
You seem *really* confident. She seems confident, I’m a little nervous.
I would be.
*Relax*, Alex, I’m gonna teach you how to swim at the pool in the park, don’t worry about it.
Wouldn’t be the first time…
You and your snide comments.
No, I mean in... in this, like, time period?
Oh geez, you’re hitting the existential nostalgia depression trip already?
*I* get it, Alex, I woulda been happier in the seventies.
The *seventies!* That’s like the *worst* time!
No, why... *why* am I here, right now, with *you*?
Cause you said, “I studied enough for my French test, I wanna go to the beach.”
Which I thought was very unlike you, by the way.
You made the right choice, Alex.
No, I mean... I mean, why are *you* here?
Why? Wait, am I supposed to be doing something right now?
You gotta get your dad...
I gotta get Dad nightcrawlers from the shop, yeah, but we’re gonna do that on our way back.
Today turned out to be… a flawless day, it really did.
Yeah, no it did, it really did.
I wanted to bring a kite, but thought you’d laugh at me.
And you were... wait, weren’t you gonna bring a kite?
I was *gonna* but I thought you’d laugh at me!
But seriously this is like *just* the right temperature.
This is… really quite insane, what’s happening right now, I’m just sorry that apparently nobody realizes how insane this is.
I know, right? Nobody really appreciates it when conditions are *this good*.
No, it is *perfect* ice cream *and* tennis weather, that is *rare*.
Uh…. yeah. Uh, it… really is kinda ideal, actually.
Yeah, I’m like *right* about to start sweating. But I’m not.
No, it is *perfect* ice cream *and* tennis weather, that is *rare*.
Clarissa, doesn’t this... Don’t you remember, we’re all on the island, *Nona’s* there...
I love Nona like a three legged puppy but she would shrivel up and die in this sun.
Oh yeah?
Yeah, she’s better off at home, trust me.
Why would I laugh at you?
You’re laughing right now!
Not because of... Oh my God, forget it.
We didn’t bring drinks. *You* didn’t bring drinks.
Oh. Poo.
It’s been a spell since we did something, right? I feel like I haven’t talked to you in a while, how have you been?
What’s been going on, how’s classes… How's...
What’s his face, Mr. Collins’ English?
Uhhh, it’s been... I dunno, it’s been...
Uhhh, it’s been... I dunno, it’s been-
Truthfully, I’ve... I’ve...
Ahh! Sorry! I think... yeah, I... I accidentally left my phone on the ferry, cause I do things like that.
Oh God, you idiot, go get it before it leaves!
When I get back I wanna hear an Alex story!
[laughing a little]
I don’t… have any, I don’t think.
I don’t believe you!
Okay! I guess!
Can’t I just come with you?
I’ll take two seconds! Think of something to tell me!
So…
[awkward laughter]
If I were to ask you… if you were, uh, “Past Clarissa,”... that wouldn’t make any sense to you, right?
“Past Clarissa,” like… like am I past the name, “Clarissa,” or…
I guess I don’t understand.
No, I mean, like... like there’s a past, and a...
And a future, okay, a “Future Clarissa.” Um… you’re right, it doesn’t make any sense.
Oh, forget it, it’s alright.
Okay.
Sorry.
Are you, like… faking it, or… pretending or something?
“Pretending?” Uh, no, I mean… I meant when I said that this is... this is a great day, I’m having a good time.
Do you… I guess you don’t remember anything, right?
What am I meant to remember?
I’m sorry, did I forget something?
I’m bad with… dates.
Our whole, like, island horror show? Ghosts and possessions and... and... and none of this is jarring like anything loose?
If… if this is about Ren’s movie, I mean… I told him I didn’t wanna do it. Half the script was an underwear scene, so… you know, no thanks.
Sorry.
Um, I’m glad we could all do stuff today. I’m glad you were cool with it, I mean.
I know you guys are really close, and… like, I know it can be annoying when somebody starts keeping all their time for their *girlfriend* or whatever…
So, I think it would be cool if we could, like, continue to do things together…
All of us.
Yeah, I, uh, I totally understand. And yeah, let’s, uh… do stuff. You know.
Cool, cool.
Clarissa, no, it’s... this is different, he’s my brother, I’ve known him since I was *born*, he’s not just a friend I’m losing.
Yeah, I get that, I get that, and… I’m... I’m sorry, if you feel like… you’re “losing” him, cause you’re not.
It doesn’t matter, Clarissa, do what you want.
No, it *does* matter, it does matter, I want you to feel good about the situation, you know? I... I want this to be… good.
Michael, uh, he loves you, like, a *lot*. I’m sure you know that, but… he talks about you all the time.
“Oh, Alex did this, and…”
“Alex let the frogs out in science class, isn’t she hilarious.”
He just, uh… he thinks you’re a cool girl.
So.
Yeah, well… I love him, too.
Thanks for, uh, for telling me.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, I know already.
I just thought you should know...
Had to fight the skipper for it, but… he didn’t reckon how many squats I can do.
What’s it up to? Six?
Only on burrito days.
On non-burrito days, it’s like eight.
Oh Jesus, thank God you’re back. It’s like an eternity sitting here with this one.
Thanks a lot!
No, I know what she’s talking about.
Hey!
I’m interesting, I’m entertaining.
I’d *crush* a debutante’s ball or whatever.
Sure.
See? Even he can’t keep it locked up.
Okay, alright, I was joking, don’t salt the earth, now.
*Thank* you!
Actually, Clarissa and I had a nice chat while you were away. Kinda sorry to see you back so soon, to be honest.
Oh really? I’m sure Alex sold you on how I lock her in the basement and treat her like a shaved monkey.
The version I heard was you trap her in the greenhouse.
Yeah, well, it changes month to month.
We talked ex-girlfriends, mostly.
Well now I know that’s not possible because I don’t call them... actually, I’m just gonna stop with that joke cause if I keep going I’d be due for a little punishment.
Yeah, I’m sure.
No, it was perfectly fine. Perfectly… amicable.
Amiable.
It means the same thing!
Alright! Sorry!
So, apparently, you love me. Is that right?
Well, if I don’t, I don’t know why I got you that skateboard for your birthday.
You skate?
Not yet.
Yeah, and the no helmet part kinda sends a message, right?
I’m not one for subtlety.
Oh my God, I forgot about that thing.
How could you already forget, I gave it to you like two months ago.
I’m sure it’ll get a lot of use.
So… I actually really want a cold… something, so I’m gonna run into town and get like a soda.
Anybody want anything?
Ummm.
No, I’m good.
No, thanks.
Uh, yeah, get me a drink, too.
Sure.
I’ll be back.
Okay, I’m here, what’s the story, I want the news, I want the Alex first edition.
What’s going on.
I’ve… missed you… man. I’ve… I’ve just missed you a lot, that’s all.
Hey. C’mon, I’ve missed you, too.
And I know I’ve been hanging out with… the “Princess,” but… it’s a two way thing, you can knock on my door, we live in the same house.
We got to bring back movie nights.
And board game night.
All the nights.
No, Michael, I can’t. You’re… You’re not there.
Well… *sometimes* I’m there.
Things are… *bad*, actually. Mom and Dad aren’t great, I’m like a hair trigger away from spinning off this planet, and...
Hey, hey, look... first of all, Mom and Dad are… Mom and Dad.
They fight alot, but they’re whatever, everything always blows over.
It’s gonna be fine.
You’re too young... *we’re* too young to worry about “marital discord.”
Let them worry about *us*.
It’s *not* gonna be fine, it’s not gonna be fine, I... I know how this goes. I have… *insider information*, let’s just call it… okay?
Look, just because *Janie’s* parents got a divorce and made *poker night* super uncomfortable doesn’t mean *ours* have to, too, alright?
Yeah.. uh… sure.
I’m… doing alright.
...Yeah?
Yeah.
I guess, I dunno.
Okay, maybe you’ll tell me what it is later.
And look, I know this was supposed be *our* day, but I completely forgot I’d promised Clarissa I’d do something with her, so… thanks for chaperoning.
I know it’s not what you had in mind, so....
But I owe you.
Yeah, no problem. Just don’t get all smoochy smooch while I’m in the general vicinity.
Because that would ever happen!
Just… don’t let it happen again. If we’re hanging out, *we’re* hanging out, I don’t need the pep squad trailing us.
Hey, she’s a little more to me than the “pep squad,” okay? She’s a cool girl, you just have to know her a little better.
What do you see in her? Really.
You wanna know?
Okay, here’s... okay, Tuesday night she dragged me to a comedy club for open mic, shoved me on stage, and then proceeded to curse out the entire bar when they didn’t laugh at my horrible jokes.
And that was a *Tuesday.*
So… that’s what I see in her.
Yeah, I- I’m sorry, I just don’t get it.
That sounds *awful*, like I think I’ve had *stress dreams* more relaxing than that.
I guess you had to be there, then.
Okay, alright, that sounds fun in a... a movie montage sort of way, I guess.
It’s important to me that you like Clarissa, Alex.
So tell me the truth… what do you really think of her.
You want my *unvarnished* truth? I think you should dump her.
Really? Why’s that.
Why that’s? Because I think she’s mean. Cause I think she’s a bully, because she likes to get her way, cause… I guess that’s it.
Well. You see her more than I do. She’s in your class.
You can just do better, that’s all. I mean, whatever happened to Angie? Or, uh, or Kristin?
Angie moved, and… I just stopped calling Kristin. But… okay.
I just… I just don’t like her. You just... you know how you get a feeling about someone? I just have it about her… in a bad way.
Well. You see her more than I do. She’s in your class.
Alright, well… I’m sorry you, uh, you feel that way.
Stick with it. Stay with her.
If she makes you happy, if she makes you laugh…. who am I to say anything otherwise.
Thank you! Good blessings, good tidings.
Oh God, do what you want, man. Don’t ask me for advice.
Okay. I’m taking that as endorsement, just so you know.
Alright, I get it.
You know… I never noticed, that’s a good looking jacket. I should ask for it back.
No way, bucko.
“Bucko.” You haven’t called me that in years.
You know what, bucko? I need it more than you.
“Bucko.” You haven’t called me that in years.
Oh whatever. It looks better on you, anyway.
Glad you got it back, regardless.
I don’t like my new one.
Feels like I got shoes on my arms or something.
We got to bring back movie nights.
And board game night.
All the nights.
Yeah.. uh… sure.
Sorry.
Oh, this is kinda... my sister came out a few weeks ago... she was trying to do the radio rocks thing or whatever…
And she said she thought she heard *you* on the station...
Wait, huh? Your sister heard *me* on the radio?
Yeah.
Clarissa, that’s... that’s not possible. I’ve never...
No, seriously!
She heard me? What was I, like, saying?
Do you know what that could have been?
Or was she... did she just mishear…
She told me you were saying… oh, what was it…
It was like, “This is, uh, Cave FM, ‘No. 1 for Cave… songs,” or something?
It was something like, “Hey, Ren? Nona? Can you guys hear me? It’s Alex…” [laughs a little]
It was something like, “This is a test of the Beach Cave Emergency System…” [laughs a little]
You were with somebody else, and you guys were like, “This is Jonas and Alex talking into a weird, uh, cave machine?”
It was like, “Hey, if you’re out there, we got stranded on Edwards Island…”
It was like, “Hello, is anybody out there? We missed the last ferry off the island…”
It was like, “Hey, people who are hopefully listening to this, I need a connection to emergency services?”
And then you said...
You were saying something like, “Hey, Alex, can you hear me?” You were like talking to yourself.
You were saying something like, “To Jonas or… to anyone listening, we’re trapped something?”
She said you were talking to *me*, first off. It was like, “Clarissa… are you still in the base? We’re in the Comm Room,” or something.
So, like, did Carly let you sub on the school radio show or something as like a joke?
Cause otherwise that’s super creepy, right?
So… I appreciate the initiation.
Good one.
Oh my God, it worked! I mean, kind of! It kind of worked!
So it was like a prank then, okay, that... I mean, I knew it had to be something.
Clarissa, I was... I still *am* trying to get off this island! It’s... this isn’t *real*, I was using a radio thingy to try and get help!
Okay, this is... Michael warned me about you, that you’re always playing, like, *games*.
Okay, so... wait, if she heard it *now*, then… that means I can send messages… back? Sort of?
Uh, well I mean, the only surprise here is I thought radios didn’t work really once you pass the breakwater…
I mean, I didn’t even know radios worked by the time you docked, you know?
It’s not a... It’s not a prank, I know you’re not gonna believe me, but this is, like, this might be our way out somehow.
[laughing a little] Okay.
Yeah, whatever, sure, tell your sister she “Got done goofed,” or whatever you think my pranking catch phrase should be.
Anyways, I just thought it was… I just saw you and remembered, so.
But, um...
Hey, is this is like a part of the base? So far out on the beach?
I… honestly don’t know what that is. But remember you can pull out your little radio and tune to that tour station if you want.
Oh, remember hearing about that beach where all the horse bones would wash ashore because, uh.. they were… it was, like, uh, downwind from a rendering plant?
[laughs]
[laughs]
[laughs]
Alex, don’t you want to get to the fire, c’mon.
Come on, Alex, it’s this way.
Alex? Are you okay?
I'm... fine. God.
You sure?
Yeah.
I... *think* so. I don't know. God.
Do I look alright?
You look... alive. I guess.
Ugh. What happened?
That is a... very... good question.
You alright?
I thought you were dead for a minute...
Not... really.
I'm... as sure as I think I'm gonna be.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I think.
Jonas, what... you think I somehow teleported us here?
If I could do one-tenth of what happened back there I wouldn't haze the new kid, I'd rob a bank.
Maybe that's your Wednesday.
Christ, I'm as freaked out as you are, Jonas, alright? I have a splitting headache and like... I feel my fingernails are gonna shoot out of my hands.
Mine too.
Jonas, believe me, I wouldn't do that to you. I'm not that cruel.
Well, for now, that remains to be seen.
I guess the fact you're in shock is a point against “prank.“
Where's everyone else? Ren, Clarissa...
I don't know, this isn't... it's not like any of this has ever happened before...
...at least not to me, I... don't even know what this is.
I don't know. They're not at the beach, you can see it from here.
Look, I know you planned to stay the night, but... my fun quota pretty much just maxed out, so... can we just figure out how to get home?
I don't want to be the party pooper here.
But the party just kinda... pooped itself.
No, I'm... way ahead of you. There's got to be some kind of emergency station or way to get out without taking the ferry.
We can't leave without my friends, okay?
Your... Ren, sure, but does that list really include Clarissa?
Yes, Jonas. Clarissa is my friend, too.
Okay, okay.
We can't leave anybody behind, they're here somewhere, this is not... this is not a thing.
Well... maybe not Clarissa... but the rest we have to round up first!
Never mind, I sound like an asshole.
I dunno. This is kind of exciting... right?
We don't know how dangerous... Actually I'm sure it is dangerous, we just don't know how much.
Yeah, we don't know what's going on, but it's like weird and crazy and...and magic, so... I mean, don't you wanna...?
No, I don't, whatever you're gonna say, unless it's “leave“, I don't “wanna“ at all.
Oh c'mon, are you scared, is that it? Ya scared?
Yeah, I'm scared so far as I don't want to get hurt or killed and I don't want my new sister to get hurt or killed either.
Let's live to regret this, okay?
Alright, I guess. If you wanna play it safe. Never play on railroad tracks, right?
I've had my fill. Let's just leave.
You can come back on your own time, for now let's vamoose.
Yeah... Probably.
Any equipment it'll have will be like eighty years old. I don't know if I'd trust that.
Even if it doesn't work, maybe we can get reception on our phones or something.
I think we should at least try.
Okay, fine, but you are such a wet blanket.
And you sound like my grandmother, so...
And I'm sure you keep her from having fun, too.
We need to find the others before we try to ring a rescue whale or whatever we're gonna do...
And it'll be faster to look for them from the tower than, you know... traipsing off blindly into the woods.
Let's just get to the Comm thing.
I can see it from here.
The Comm thing's this way.
Look, Alex, is this a goof or something?
Just... what is going on?
Let's just find a way to get home, okay?
So, are you really friends with Clarissa?
I know you think this stuff is fun or whatever, but... I'm sorry, we really don't know what's going on.
Now, that comm tower has to have a radio or something.
Look, I'm just gonna cut to the whatever... like, I don't know exactly what happened back there.
But the sign says *that's* an old Communications Tower, and...I don't know about you...but I wanna climb that ladder, call somebody and get the Hell back home as fast as possible.
Let's just use the tower and try to phone somebody.
I'm not saying *leave* her, but...
I just wanna get this whole *escape* thing moving.
“Exciting?“ Alex, we don't...to think something's exciting you kinda have to know what that something *is* first!
And we just got crapped out of the laser light show from Hell, so...
I'm not sure this qualifies as, like, something good.
Okay, fine, but you are *such* a wet blanket.
And you sound like my grandmother, so... you're well on your way to being a lousy drunk who can't hear very well.
[“chicken“ sounds... kind of]
That's more of a rooster but I get it, I'm a chicken, thanks.
Oh, and not for nothing, I'm fine with a little depantsing or whatever if the weather's right for it but if this is some sort of *prank* or *trick*...
I'm really *really* not in the mood.
So... if it is, the time to come clean is now, I think.
Okay, well... I hope so.
Just cross your fingers the Comm Tower has a working walkie talkie or something.
Wait, Jonas, seriously, like... what just happened? My radio, I guess, *opened* something, and that something did, uh, something... else?
And that something was really friggin' scary and horrible so...let's just skip to the part we get off the island and start suppressing it in therapy.
I...I have no idea. I don't know if they even know that anything happened.
You know, any equipment in the Comm Tower will likely be like eighty years old. I don't know if I'd trust that.
But it's right here and I wanna try it.
I don’t... I don’t know how we got here, I don’t... [sigh] I heard the thing right, right? That voice or whatever saying, “Other you... “
Right?
What does that even mean?
Ugh, yeah, um, maybe... maybe it means there’s, like, other, substitute versions of us or something?
I mean I’m probably nuts but it sounded almost like… like they were saying someone before had tried... tried talking to themselves… to... to change things…
The only thing I can think that means is like… parallel worlds, parallel times, alternate… somethings, I don’t know.
Um, like... like a past, present, “We haven’t taken the boat yet,” orrrr… “I’m still in pigtails,” version of us or something.
Like… there’s another us out there somewhere? Or… [sigh] I don’t know, I don’t know what to even say right now.
Let's try and find a phone or something.
Ahh!
Ahh! Jesus.
Well... uh...Are you going to answer it or what?
Well... uh...Are you going to answer it or what?
Hello?
Alex?
Ren?
Uh, Communications Tower?
Oh man, whoever you are, we really need your help over here.
Is anyone there?
Hey, who is that?
Jonas? Is Alex with you?
Yes, she's just not talking for whatever reason.
Oh Jesus hoppin' Christ, thank Vishnu, I... you guys went into that hole, a bunch of...*stuff* I have no idea what happened and I just woke up like fifteen minutes ago.
Hey, did you know that it's named after some guy named Dick Harden!
[laughter]
[stifles laughter]
It's still funny.
Really?
Yeah, it's great!
Ren, just... where are you?
No, I don't know.
Ren, just... are you okay?
Ren, just... it's been a rough night, you know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no, I'm... I know, I'm sorry, it's just that one's like lightning in a thimble.
So, you know... that's a freebie.
How'd you get this number?
It's...it's a code, written on this... *list* here. But it's not a normal phone, I can't call out, I'm at, uh, the Way Station or whatever in the woods.
Which way station? Where is it?
It's probably the light you saw through the viewfinder.
Do you know where Clarissa and Nona are? Are they with you?
Nooooo I have no clue where they got off to.
Just come here... alright? Meet us here.
Yeah, I don't even really know... like... how to get there?
What do you mean, it's the giant tower? I thought you could see it?
The switcher?
So have we! Okay? This hasn't been a real picnic for anybody!
Why...*how* did you get all the way out there? Did you just take off sprinting when I went after Jonas?
Just relax. It's gonna be fine. Jonas and I are on top of it, we're getting out of here, alright?
Ren, just...
Ren? Rennn? Hello?
Either he dropped the phone in the toilet or we just lost the line.
Ren, look, just...
Ren? Hey, Ren?
Of course.
We should go get him.
Yeah... poor little guy's probably pullin' out his hair and making a nest.
All the more reason to hurry along.
Well, wait a minute, I mean... maybe he'll come here? Isn’t that like the first thing they teach when you’re trying to find somebody?“Don’t leave?
Ugh, I mean *who* eats *three* brownies?
Couldn't he have just huffed a paintcan like a normal person?
Ugh.
There's the spirit!
Fine. We'll go and get him.
Where... where is he, again?
Alright, well, let's get him then. I know basically where to go.
He said he was at a way station, and... there's only like one of those in the woods.
Great, let's go.
Isn’t that like the first thing they teach when you’re trying to find somebody? “Don’t leave?
Bottle.
Before he, I dunno...
Gets lost, er...
Did you hear him? He's not going anywhere. He barely knows where he is.
He didn't sound like he was on his way here.
So c'mon, I don't wanna miss the chance to grab him.
Oh, whatever happened to “I can't leave without my friends?“
Oh c'mon, so the guy's freakin' out a little... it's our solid duty to go and help the bugger out.
“Not For Ourselves Alone,“ right?
The military bond?
A way station. That's what he said, anyway.
Alex? Is that you?
Yeah, it's me.
I...I saw the light on in the, uh, the uh, the *tower* thing.
Ren, how are you calling us? Phones don't work here.
Uh huh, look, can you just...
It's been like...like just the worst thing ever, just Def Con Fuscia level terrible since you went into the cave.
Like *worse* than Kendall's basement horrible, and...
No, like I said, I must've like passed out or... I don't know how I ended up here!
Ren, just calm down, okay? Breathe in through your mouth and out through your nose.
It's the other way around!
Ren, are you alright? Like… physically, alright, cause I know *mentally* you’re probably...
No, I’m not alright! I mean, do I *sound* alright or do I sound *not* alright? I probably sound not alright, right?
Wait, that's...I think it's another line.
Maybe it's like a night watchman or something or they do, like, check-ins maybe?
What's that sound? Is there a cat crying in there?
Ren, just...wait a sec.
Wait, Ren, someone’s calling on the other line. Just hold on a minute, I’m gonna see who it is.
Okay, but make it quick, seriously.
Ren, it’s just the other line, but… whatever, they can wait, this is more important.
Yeah, of *course* this is more important, I don’t... like, Dick Harden’s one thing but I’m kinda super freakin’ freaked out right now.
It’s... Ren, it was just the other line, but... I don’t know, I guess we’re not answering it.
Like... Dick Harden's one thing, but I'm kinda super freakin' freaked out right now.
Like, this is not a drill, this is real world.
I just wanna get back with you guys.
And I’m not doing well, I’m really not. Things are kinda going psycho all over.
Alright, look, just hang tight. We’re coming to get you, okay?
Good. Great. I’m by the little bridge? Where they tore up all the train tracks and it’s just, uh, *brush* or... you know.
Do you know where Nona is?
No, no clue.
Do you know where Clarissa and Nona are? Are they with you?
Nooooo I have no clue where they got off to
Ren, it’s the *giant tower* you’re apparently *looking* at right now. Just start walking.
What do you mean?
Is that the phone again? Don’t click over!
Clarissa might need something...
It’s Clarissa on the other end? Where’s she at?
That *has* to be somebody, like a guard or something.
Hold on Ren, Clarissa’s flipping out about something.
But *I’m* flipping out about something!
Hold on, Ren, they keep calling, so, it might be like a thing.
No c'mon, just...
She can wait a *second*, it’s fine.
Whoever it is can wait, it’s fine.
Look, Alex, just... whatever you do, this is vitally important now, heed the words, heed these words, just whatever you do, don’t...
And it dies, ladies and gentlemen.
It’s like the world is conspiring against us, I swear to God.
Clarissa, you still there?
She hung up, too. Of course.
Maybe the other caller…?
Hello?
They hung up, too. Of course.
Either he dropped the phone in the toilet or we just lost the line.
You told Clarissa we’re coming, so…. wanna truck over to Milner first? See about that radio?
I mean, Clarissa can be a handful, but...
Gotta take the bitter with the sweet.
Yeah, if we can connect to the mainland and get somebody over here, we should… do it as soon as we can.
My thoughts exactly.
Ren sounded kinda… more out of sorts than usual, though. I don’t know.
I *also* told, Ren, though, so… I don’t know, I don’t wanna leave the little guy hanging.
I know we were gonna go save Ren from his, uh, night terrors or whatever, but... if Clarissa's found an even semi-working line to the real world…
*Maybe* that's more important right now?
Before stuff gets, uh, worse?
Just a thought…?
So anyways it sounds like Clarissa has a way to *talk* to the mainland, so we should maybe go there first?
I'm *sure* she can handle flipping the switch to “Talk“ herself.
Maybe... I mean, if we could get it to work...
Listen, you said she was your friend, and all I'm saying is she has a radio...
Listen, I know you said that you didn't like her but...
I never said I didn't like her, I said I'd be fine with her being stranded on this island forever, there’s a difference.
Yeah, but you're missing that I *hate* Clarissa and everything that little wench stands for.
And what does she stand for?
Being, like, *super* annoying, like... you wanna smack her in the *face* annoying.
But she has a *radio*.
Erghghgh.
Hating me... for starters. And loathing me, for seconders.
Little Miss Homecoming Queen thinks what everyone in this freakin' *town* thinks and that's... “Blah blah blah... I'm a dumb dumb.“
Super. Nothing.
Look, I'm gonna leave it to you.
We can swing through the forest and nab Ren *or* we can go to the fort and see what Clarissa's up to...
They're your people.
You can decide.
I know Ren’s scared, but Clarissa’s walkie-talkie might be more important... You pick where you want to go.
Soooo Ren or Clarissa? Seriously.
Well I guess you'll just surprise me. Lead on.
Ren needs us more. And he'd kill me if he knew we went to see *Clarissa* first.
Sound logic.
Clarissa has a walkie talkie, so... Ren can just sweat it out for an hour.
We should go get him.
Before he, I dunno...
Gets lost...er.
Yeah... poor little guy's probably pullin' out his hair and making a nest.
Well all the more reason to hurry along.
Well, wait a minute, I mean... maybe he'll come here?
Isn’t that like the first thing they teach when you’re trying to find somebody? “Don’t leave?”
Did you hear him? He’s not going anywhere. He barely knows where he is.
He didn't *sound* like he was on his way here.
Ugh, *why* would you eat a whole pot brownie! Of all the nights!
Couldn't he have just huffed a paint can like a normal person?
Oh, whatever happened to “I can't leave without my friends?“
Oh c'mon, so the guy's freakin' out a little... it's our solid duty to go and help the bugger out.
“Not For Ourselves Alone,“ right?
The military bond?
*Ugh*.
*There's* the spirit!
*Fine*. We'll go and get him.
Hello?
Oh Jesus Christ, Alex?! *Why* are you answering an... this... it says it’s an *emergency* line, where are you right now?
Clarissa?
And Jonas is with you. Of course he is.
I’m in the Comm Tower, Clarissa, where are you?
I… I don’t know. I’m somewhere in Ft. Milner, I don’t know why, I... I don’t remember like the last *hour*.
Okay, look, Clarissa, Ren’s on the other line and sounding like he’s about a stubbed toe away from a total collapse so if you’re at least holding it together then...
Wait wait wait I... I’m at Ft. Milner and I can’t... I don’t remember like the last *hour* and it’s, like, really scaring the crap out of me.
Okay, if you’re gonna yell at me, *goodbye* Clarissa.
Oh, really? Fine, I’m at Fort Milner with a working intercom if you *care*, *God*, *goodbye* Alex.
Rough night, huh?
*Yeah*, rough night, it’s... Look, I’m at Ft. Milner and I don’t know *why*, it’s like I’m… blackout drunk or something, but…
Ren?
Just pick me up, okay, just come and pick me up. I’m really… not great.
Oh, you’re in the *middle* of something, *pardon me*. I just came to in the bunghole an abandoned military base and I can’t remember the last hour of my life, that’s all.
Clarissa, are you okay? Where are you?
I’m... I don’t know the answer to either of those questions, really. I ended up in Ft. Milner, I don’t know, I can’t remember anything, so... I’m kinda in a mood.
Ren, are you still there?
Yeah, still here.
I’m trying to call somebody but… I’m in a room with radio stuff that can... it says it can contact Camena but I don’t... I have no idea how to make it work.
Can you just come over here and figure this out with me?
I don’t care if you guys wanna stay, I just wanna get out of here.
Yeah… sure, we’ll be over there in a minute.
Okay, just… hurry, okay. There’s like… I dunno. I’m hearing stuff outside.
No, just... come here, instead. Fort Milner’s all the way on the other side of the island.
Yeah, I *know* it is, *Alex*, but *why* would I go to the Comm Tower when there’s a working radio that we can use to get help, *here*.
Look, Clarissa, just... you have a radio, work it out for yourself, Ren needs my help.
Wait. Alex...
*Nobody* wants to stay, Clarissa, but… you know that the radio works?
Yeah, how the hell do you think I called you guys? I just can’t... there’s like a *way* or something to connect outside but I’m not good with this stuff.
Fort Milner looked *huge* on the map, do you know where...
Yeah, I guess that’d be too easy.
I guess we… lost the connection, somehow?
Yeah, that or the triangle beings we let in from space are eating her soul right now.
Fifty fifty really.
Please don’t talk like that while I still have a lingering shred of composure.
Alright.
I’m not that lucky.
But really, we should go get him. Like now.
Wanna truck over to Milner first, see about that radio?
I can see the cave... but not Ren or anybody.
What do you think happened to them?
You know them better than me.
Probably the same thing as us. Transmogrified or whatever to some other part of the island.
Great.
Probably heard all the noise and ran off instead of trying to come help us.
They're just being lame. I can hear Ren now. “Let's go to the Fort and throw rocks at walls!“
Well... I'm sure they're alright, anyway.
It's a nice view.
Of what?
A really, really, crappy town.
Camena doesn’t seem all that bad.
Wait till you’ve lived here sixteen years… then say that again.
Camena. Home.
We’ll get back there.
Yeah.
The water, I guess.
Alright…
Yeah, no, nobody’s there…
This says it's called the “Harden Tower.“
Great! Who cares right now!
Harden must've been some guy.
Good guess.
What is it?
I’ve always seen this statue from my house, and... never been this close to it, that’s all.
I guess it’s for the sentries they stationed here during the war.
It says that it was named Harden Tower because the longest... wait, the “longest-tenured radioman“ ... that's a weird way to say it ... was Major Dick Harden.
Wait wait wait, the guy's name was Major *Dick Harden*?
[light laughter]
Oh, Dick Harden.
Grow up.
Oh c'mon, you know that's amazing. Dick Harden! And they named a *tower* after him!
It's alright, it's a soaker, you'll get it later.
Yeah, it almost makes the whole trip worth it, doesn't it.
Eh, I wouldn't go that far.
It's locked.
Let me try.
What exactly can you do except *jiggle* it more.
Oh you'll see.
What's the expression? “Skills of a misspent youth.“
That's not an expression.
It's *locked*, Jonas, I'm not playing here.
No, I know. Just... gimme a second.
Oh after you.
Oh why thank you.
Lil' help?
Just... have a little faith.
What are you even doing?
Told you. *Locked*.
I guess we could've tried the window...
Nah, this way I got to show off, so... win-win.
Egh-hem!
Well if you wanna do things the *easy* way, sure.
The cleaning guy should probably lock this before he leaves...
His stupidity is our gain!
There's a dial tone, but... there's a note here....
“Does not call out. Please dial Station Code for service.“
There wouldn't happen to be a code there would there.
Nope.
You know...
Normally.
“Warning: Do not use aboard ship. Unsafe radiation limits.“
You know... I'd normally find this stuff kind of interesting, really.
This old timey stuff. Under different circumstances... I'd actually be having a very good time.
Thanks. I guess.
You don't have to make me feel better about getting you trapped on Horror Island.
No, I'm serious. Really.
Alright, well... I'm glad, I guess.
Well I'm glad *you* find this sort of thing interesting because *I* find it *interminable*.
You find it terminal?
Is, um, is anyone there?
[murmurings]
Hey, we need help. We're stuck on Edward's Island in the Communications Tower.
Uh, SOS? Mayday, mayday, uh, CQD?
CQD?
“Come Quick, Danger.“
It's... dead.
Did you get anyone?
....I don't think so.
I think *someone* was there, but... I don't know.
Looks like a generator or something.
The power's on, so... either it's working or we don't need it.
Forget it, I find it boring, that's all.
Nada.
No.
Sweet of you to say.
I’m not trying to be nice, I... I dunno, I really think so.
*Brilliant deduction*.
Well what do you want me to say?! “This says it’s called Harden Tower,” okay, who cares.
“Harden Tower.” Couldn’t’ve named it anything else, huh?
Well I for one am glad they didn’t.
Hey, you remember them talking about Maggie Adler? The woman who died? This goes to her house.
Oh, uh, must be a nice spread.
Yeah. Rich old bag had everything, right? “Can’t take it with you, honey!”
I’m jealous. Lotsa security, I’m sure it’s a nice view. Oh well.
I don’t know if you noticed when we were home, but... you can see this statue from my bedroom.
Uh, don’t… touch that… please.
Have you ever had a moment where you’re standing on a ledge and you just... you just wanna like just *jump* off and just see what it’s like?
No.
How do you know it even works?
It works.
This all seems a little much, right? Like, it’s just a rusty old Communications Tower, they’re not keeping dinosaurs in here.
Maybe some kids climbed it drunk, fell off and died, I dunno, but... it’s here, so… don’t touch.
I’d really prefer not telling your mom that you’re dead.
She might not take too well to the news.
The fence *should* be off now.
Great, but, uh, don’t take offense if I wanna throw a stick at it, first.
Well I *will* and *have* taken offense at your not believing in my ability at flipping switches.
C’mon, don’t you trust me? The light turned off.
I trust you to, like, not *hurt* me on purpose or anything but… you know… if the fence *kills* me on accident it’s not really about trust at that point.
[sigh]
“Harden Tower.” It’s called that I think because the radioman who watched it, he was Major Richard Harden. I don’t know why I remember that.
That would explain why I remember it...
Whore Island?!
That sounds a little different than what we’re on right now.
Why would you think I said *whore* island?
Um... I dunno.
Ugh, no, just forget it.
Interminable. Intermina... it means, boring.
Ohhhh.
[murmurings]
It almost… it almost sounded like Clarissa? Right?
I don’t know, I didn’t really hear it.
Alex! Alex!
Hello?
Yeah, she's here.
It's for you.
Um, who is it?
Just come over here and take it.
Very funny. Who knows I'm here?
See?
I have to say... I'm impressed. How'd you do that?
It's just pressure and a library card for most older locks.
Huh. Cool.
Oh, my! And me without my camera!
Oh God, shut up.
That'll do, pig. That'll do.
Yeah, you're welcome.
Okay.
How does this thing...?
It *might*... work... if...?
*grunt*
Hello?
Anybody there?
Yeah, I don't know what I'm doing...
No way…
What… is... that?
Oh man, I so do not get what’s going on.
Like, at all.
Yeah, well… that makes two of us.
I don’t either, but it’s pretty freakin’ cool.
Oh God.
Let’s just keep moving.
We should probably start out if we’re going to get Ren.
Shouldn’t we be going to find Ren?
When Ren asks why this took so long, I’m telling him why, just so you know.
We should really start out if we’re going to find Clarissa before she does something stupid.
Now, c’mon, Clarissa’s a waitin’.
Let’s go to Milner, c’mon.
Alright, our rescuing duties have officially commenced. Let’s get this done and get off this rock like the... badasses we are.
Alright, let’s figure out how to turn off the electrified fence… kickstart this rescue mission like the, uh, total badasses we are.
Yeah. Righteous.
We’re just gonna walk through what amounts to a *park* to pick up some frightened children, Jonas. Don’t get ahead of yourself.
Act as if. That’s all I’m gonna say. Act as if.
Hey. What are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be getting Clarissa?
We took a detour.
Ahh. Very well.
Just taking like a break.
Oh. Okay.
I’m seeing if you’re okay. *Are* you… okay?
It was touch and go there for a moment, but… I’m doing a little better. No more limbs falling asleep and forgetting my address.
Good sign.
I just wanted to see if you had any luck with the radio? Or... or maybe like the phone?
No. Not really. I’m getting nothing that sounds like anything human, anyway.
Still nothing.
I’ve heard wonderful crows on there, a beautiful old woman laughing, and then I stopped trying after it burned my hand.
This thing’s still dead. Or maybe I just don’t know how to work it.
Well… that makes two of us. Three of us, speaking for Jonas.
Hey, how do you know *I* can’t work it?
Can you?
No, but… you know, assumptions and... all that.
Oh. Hey guys. I see you down there. And... without Clarissa…
Actually, I’m gonna stop talking since this obviously isn’t working, so… just come on up and you can... help or something.
God this stupid thing...
She doesn’t sound good. Right?
Sounds a little off?
I don’t know her well enough.
I dunno. Sounded normal to me. Maybe a little frustrated with how everything’s… going.
She’s just tired, Ren. We’re all tired.
I mean, Hell, I would’ve been tired by now if all we’d been doing was drinking and laying on the beach.
Yeah, I guess.
She’s probably… at least a little scared.
She was freaked out when we ran into her and… we still haven’t found her best friend, so.
Maybe? I’m sure it’s just the stress.
Hey! Hey, I... I saw you guys coming up from the tower. Dick Tower.
Um, I think you mean Harden Tower.
Please don’t ruin that for me, it’s all I have left.
How’s Nona doing? We heard what I imagine was her first radiocast *ever* earlier...
Yeah, no, she’s... I dunno.
I mean, she’s frazzled one moment, then that makes me frazzled, and she sees that I’m frazzled so she like freezes up.
How are you? Uh, still holding all your parts together? Emotionally?
Um, kinda? Some things are slipping their rotors a little, but, you know, whatever.
Anything, uh, *good* to report? Besides that you’re still alive, which... I’m glad, you know, don’t get me wrong.
Thanks, um, yes, I am still alive, but, uh, no, other than that, no.
Any luck contacting somebody?
Nope, no luck to speak of.
And honestly I thought this week was gonna be a *big* karma dump.
I found like fifty bucks in the street, and I knew who it belonged to, and I only spent half of it.
It’s okay, it’s... you tried. That’s all you can do.
Thanks.
The stupid radio’s been... it’s what my therapist would call a *negative reinforcer.* Just *won’t* work right.
Okay, Ren, *how* have you tried? And have you tried it more than once?
Hey, we’ve *tried*.
Well, we’re all here now... well, I mean, except Clarissa... but we’re *mostly* all here and we’ll come up with something.
I hope so.
Just… I’m *so* glad I took that second brownie.
What?
It’s kind of, you know…
It’s *just* about to start doing it’s thing.
Wait, *second* brownie? Ren, please tell me this is a joke, okay. This is a joke, right?
Why would this be a joke, I’m not joking.
*When* did you take a *second* one? How many do you even have?
I ate it right when we got back to the fields, I thought you noticed!
I ate it just before you came! And I have more than a couple, it’s no big deal.
We... Ren, we *need* you sober right now, we need you *capable*... I... how could you be so stupid!
Wait, you’re *not* messing with us? You seriously took another one?
It was like... it was like *half* of one, alright, it’s just to level me out.
It’ll... it’ll bring me back up, that’s what it does.
If you’re down, it brings you up.
You better *pray* to whatever God scares you the most it *does* level you out, cause if this screws us up you’re on *summary probation*.
Don’t say that. That’s not... that’s not nice.
God.
I cannot believe you. You’re gonna keel over in like a purple haze while we try and save our lives.
I’m gonna be *fine*. Last time I just ate too much, this was a gimme, it’s *baby food*.
Fine, if that’s what it takes to get you through the night, then… *okay*, great.
I don’t *need* it, I just… needed it *now*.
It’s science. *A* science.
This thing doesn’t work.
Not getting anything?
I’m getting something, but it’s like… I dunno.
Hi, Nona. Night’s still goin’, huh.
We heard you on the, uh, the speaker system. You got that working?
That’s *all* I got working.
We heard you on the squawk box. When I tried it, I just got static and, uh, a weird sound, so.
That’s about all that I’m getting.
What won’t work? The, uh, the radio?
It, like, *works*, but…
It’s not...
The two-way *functions*, I think, it’s like… *on*, but… all I’m getting is like a beeping, or like a test pattern.
Uh, sorry I was, like, weird earlier. But… hey, have you figured out what’s going on, yet.
But Alex, seriously… what’s happening?
Can somebody just like catch me up, cause…
I still have no idea what’s going on.
Can somebody just like catch me up, cause…
I still have no idea what’s going on.
Cause I know it hasn’t just been my imagination.
Things are *awry*.
Alright alright can somebody just tell me if they know what’s wrong with this place.
It’s been *ghosts*, Nona. Ghosts are going on.
The blackouts, the hallucinations… it’s all been ghosts.
*Ghosts*. Really.
Yeah, and it would really help if you could just jump to the believing us part. It’d save a headache.
To tell you the truth, Nona, I don’t think you really wanna know.
Alex, don't treat me like a pet.
It’s okay, the blue streak version is it’s ghosts, that’s all, that’s what’s going on. *Ghosts* are going on.
Look, we tuned into something in the cave, and… it was like Gabriel sounded the trumpet, just... everything went terrible.
And, uh, ghosts.
Yes, that.
Nona, it’s sorta… really complicated.
You have to know something, you've been, like, *out* there...
Uh, yeah, we have...
Oh! Oh, I got it, this is great, this is perfect, I know exactly what to do.
Do you.
Yeah, totally. It’s Maggie Adler.
Maggie Adler?
Yeah, she has a boat.
*Had* a boat. I mean, the boat’s still here, but she’s not, she’s dead.
Her house... *manor*, or whatever it is, is behind a huge gate.
You can see it coming up here from Main Street.
No, I know, but the keys to it are here, somewhat readily available.
Ren, why... You could have mentioned this at *any* *point*. I mean, we walked right past it!
I know, I’m sorry, but I’ve been like stewing in my own panic here for the last couple hours.
Oh boy, thank God for that memory.
Yeah, finally something positive jarred loose through all the hysteria.
What *kind* of boat.
It’s a, you know, it’s a *boat* boat, like a rowboat thing.
My sister Allie worked at the Parks office in town, she had to deliver that old woman her mail every day, I *know* they have the key.
Okay, so...
No no no we are not... we are *not* gonna go with the plan... the *first* plan put forth by the group’s resident *burnout*!
Hey, c’mon, I’m not a *burnout*.
Okay, so I ate two brownies...
Yeah, and one of them was *after* you knew everything’d gone to Hell, so.
Hey, Jonas, seriously, back off, okay. Ren’s a good bloke.
Thank you! And thank you for taking advantage and saying, “bloke.”
Well, I mean… Jonas kinda does have a point here.
Like, do you *know* there’s a boat, or is this like when you *knew* the teachers kept liquor in the lounge…
Oh c’mon, I was like *thirteen* when I thought they all got drunk at lunch!
This is a real thing, there’s a boat at her dock!
Well... and I’m not saying it’s the *best* plan, but… what other plan *is* there really, Jonas?
Oh, I dunno, fix the radio, find Clarissa, set *fire* to the *mug shop*...
And these are just off the top of my head.
Yeah, I’m still worried about Clarissa.
But… we *can’t* fix the radio, we don’t know how.
But… we don’t know where Clarissa is…
Wait, set fire to the mug shop?
Yeah, of course you are, but how is walking blindly around all night a better idea than trying to actually, like, secure an exit?
I’m not saying *literally* do that, I’m just saying, like… there’s other things we can do.
But there isn’t!
To *balance* out! To balance me out, that’s it!
Ren, understand, it is *completely* your fault that we’re in this to begin with...
What?!
And now you want us to trust you when things are *really* bad?
You had Alex bring the radio, you brought us here!
But, Ren… look at reality. You dragged us out here, you had Alex bring the little death machine...
Stop saying it was my fault!
It wasn’t!
C’mon, Jonas, this is nobody’s fault. *Ghosts* are never anybody’s fault, certainly not ours.
Yeah, guys, this isn’t really, uh, productive.
Jonas, are you serious? This was *your* fault, even a *blind* guy could flail around and bump into that conclusion.
*You* crawled into that hole, *you* got us stuck...
Guys, c’mon.
Jonas, you know *we* tuned into the thing, we kicked the door open to whatever this is…
Oh give me a break, this night is like a... it’s like a giant ugly misery stew that Ren has clearly been the chef of.
That's a... what does that even mean?!
This was your whole stupid… *thing*.
And *you* tuned into the triangle thing, Alex!
So you can’t pin the *entire* thing on me.
Especially when the *actual cause* is standing right here!
Yeah, I tuned into the *triangle thing* ... which by the way, I can’t *stand* when you call it that, the *triangle thing*... because *you* wanted me to!
Even though I wasn’t there, I have *no* problem believing that.
And I *freely* admit it, in... in front of... whatever... in front of Nona and Ren, I *blew it*, okay!
I should’ve known better!
You didn’t blow it, Alex, you only screwed up, apparently, by bringing Jonas along! And I freely blame your mom for that!
I am *not* the actual cause! Of anything!
And especially not the... the friendship *dischord* that’s happening right now!
Look, Jonas…
It should be obvious to even the *cheap seats* that you’re the only new *weirdo* who throws the whole social harmony thing we got goin’ outta whack!
I mean, we all grew up with each other!
Alex *knows* she can trust me!
Listen, we're all thinking what I’m saying... *Jonas* is clearly a total weirdo that would rather *him* save the day than let anyone *else* be right!
How can you... *how* can you say that you’re in the right!
You have yet to miss *one* opportunity to be wrong!
Okay, Ren, just... take a step *back*, alright, Jonas isn’t a weirdo, he’s a... he’s a good guy.
What? Your “good guy,” is like deploying a missile barrage of insanity on me right now!
Guys, you know there’s no television cameras here, right? Take the energy down a notch.
Alex, I am *not* putting my life in his hands.
This whole thing has been a complete *joke* to this guy and I can’t believe you’re even *kind of* defending him.
Jonas…
Ren, it’s okay, relax, I like the plan, the plan’s fine, we’ll all...
It doesn’t matter if the plan is *fine*!
“Social harmony?!” You all can *barely* even *pretend* to be friends!
I mean, *Jesus*, Alex, when you told me Ren annoyed the crap outta you, I… had no idea how much you were lowballing it.
Oh please, like she would ever say that!
This was just earlier *tonight*!
Paranoid lunatic!
Yes!
I’m not the one who had to be *rescued* by us!
I don’t need a *pass* from you, Alex is my *best friend*.
Yeah, and she could hardly muster two *syllables* to describe you!
*C’mon*, I don’t even have to *be* there to know she wasn’t talking about me.
Alex sheds friends like... like *snake skin* and I’m the goddamn *rattle* at the end! Unshakeable!
“Legitimate means,” what are you even talking about?
You have *no* idea if there’s a boat down there still.
Alex, you told me you didn’t trust Jonas yet, well… good instincts!
Cause here it is, in all its glory, the paranoid lunatic unveiled!
I know you said Ren is like “harmless,” or whatever, but… I’m over giving him passes. And so should you.
Look Alex, you told me just like two hours ago that people outgrow people and I *knew* even *then* you were talking about *Ren*, so... *now* is the time.
The stories I heard about this guy, he’s a *maniac*, okay?
And he’s gonna trash our only *legitimate* means of getting out of here if you buy into this crap.
Don’t suck me into this tornado of... of... whatever’s happening right now!
Just guys, please, stop! We can... we can fight on the way home, *after* we get the boat, and... I guess *if* that’s what we’re even doing.
Guys! Stop it, *stop*, the collective neuroses call a truce, okay?
Yes. Please.
Okay, you’re arguing fifteen things at once now.
“Do the plan,” “Trust Jonas,” “Leave Ren,” like, pick a target. Or better yet, just don’t.
Yeah.
*Oh my God*, I’m not sitting through a contest of who can be the biggest *buttmonster* right now, so can we please just jump to the part where we try and fix our problem!
Look, I don’t *care* what Caveman Jones says...
What is that?!
...there is a *boat* at Maggie Adler’s house.
And the key to her house is back on Main Street.
And the *back up* plan for when this thing fails spectacularly is two of us have to stay *here* by the semi-functioning walkie talkie.
Fine by me. Alex has the radio… are you okay to go into town?
Not that you... not that you *wouldn’t* be okay.
Yeah, it’s not like… you know, I’m fine, whatever, I’m ready.
Honestly, *anything* to get me off of this tower and away from this specific configuration of yelling people would do wonders for me right now.
She’s fine, she’s been using that thing like a machete the whole night.
She shouldn’t... you shouldn’t go alone, we don’t need like *three* of us up here.
Yeah, I’ll totally go, it’s my, like, brilliant idea or whatever.
No, are you kidding? Your *food* is gonna start kicking in any second, and... beyond that, you’re a completely unreliable basketcase!
I am *not* a *basketcase*, you, uh, *meathead*!
I’m eccentric!
You’re not some hobo in a giraffe costume, you’re a short loser in *high school!*
Ahhhh! Stop it!
Just shut up! Both of you!
Ahhhh! Please, don’t start up again!
Sorry.
Okay, keeping in mind who you’ve been able to depend on the whole night...
Yes, keeping in mind who you’re tired of.
Keeping in mind who’s *taller*... who do you want coming with you?
Yeah, your *oldest pal*...
Oh my God.
Or your new psycho step-brother.
Ren, you’re up.
Phew. I, uh, I didn’t realize how much I had emotionally invested in that.
Alex. Are you kidding me right now.
We had to practically pull this guy out of a *bush* like an *hour* ago.
Jonas, it’s not... *somebody* has to stay, you said it yourself.
Jonas, the boat, the key, Adler… it was Ren’s idea, he should… see it through, you know?
No, to be honest, I don’t know, Alex.
You know what, Jonas, right now, I’d rather have somebody maybe *too* relaxed for what’s happening instead of, like, the opposite.
I am *not*... I didn’t know you saw me that way.
Jonas, Ren is my friend, too, okay? Nobody gets a monopoly on “Alex time,” it’s like a rule I have.
I don’t *need*... I don’t need that, but...
Alex…
I dunno, I guess I thought we were… I dunno what I thought, forget it. Doesn’t matter.
That’s right, it doesn’t matter.
Ren, I swear to God...
Okay, before things get *stupid* again… good luck with the whole key thing. We’ll be waiting, guys.
Jonas, let’s go.
Thank you.
Alright, she just doesn’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings, it’s fine, let’s just go.
*What.* You’ve gotta be... this is... are you... you’re... no, this isn’t, this isn’t happening.
*Him*. Him.*Him?!*
Ren, c’mon, it’ll be fine, we’ll watch the walkie talkie.
Ren, he’s been like my side-kick the entire night, he’s been... he’s been *helpful*.
I thought you were *my* sidekick!
Yeah, and I thought we were more like a *team*, really, like... like doubles tennis or something.
Ren. You *ate* *another* *brownie*. What do you expect me to do?
I expect you to, like, *care*, I expect you to think, “Hey, maybe *Ren* needs some support...
Ren, we’re still... we’re still doing your whole *plan* *you* came up with, who cares if you’re on the Home or the Away team?
I wanna be on the *Alex* team, I wanna feel, like... like... I wanna be, like, *needed*.
Alex…
Just... just, fine, whatever, have fun, you two.
This isn’t *fun*. That’s the point.
Oh God, will you just *shut* *up*.
Nona. Wanna come with me?
Really? I mean… I guess.
What!
What?!
*Why* are you making me shack up with this guy?
This isn’t... it’s my friggin’ plan, it’s wholly *my* idea.
This isn’t... it’s my friggin’ plan, it’s wholly *my* idea.
We’ve been together the *entire* night, why switch it up now?
And then you take the only other *girl*?
Be quiet! Both of you!
God, you’re like puppies, you’re not gonna *die* if I go to the grocery store for ten minutes!
Why? Why? *This* is why! Easiest question I’ve been asked all night!
We’ll be *back* *later*. So... play nice in the meantime.
They’ll be... we’ll be... you’ll be fine.
This is a total *punt*, Alex.
Yeah, this isn’t...
No, it’s fine, this’ll be a good...
If you don’t wanna take sides, don’t take sides, but know... *nobody’s* happy with this.
[angry sigh]
Yeah, well, I don’t really care right now what you’re *happy* with.
See you soon.
Hey, Nona’s happy? You're happy. Right?
Um… sure.
Oh c’mon, *first* you wouldn’t let me even talk to you back in town without Ren by your side and *now* you trust him to help with this over me?
What! *First* you let me sweat it out for like *two hours* in the Woods to go gallivanting around with this guy and you’re *still* picking him over me?!
What! First you ditch me back in Town to talk with this guy about God knows what and now that stuff has gone crazy you’re *still* picking him over me?!
What! First you say you’d kill me during Truth or Slap of all the friggin’ people and now you pick *Jonas* to go with you right now!
Have you tried using the phone anymore?
Uh, no. When I *did* try, I just heard a dial tone… or sometimes heavy breathing. Or, uh, laughing.
So I stopped trying.
So this doesn’t work, the radio? It just beams outside? I’m hearing a beeping...
Yeah, that’s all you’ll hear. I think it’s somebody, though, cause it’s like... it changes.
But, I dunno.
I keep clicking on it.
Nothing happens.
It could be somebody. We shouldn’t stop trying, it’s the only even semi-functioning lifeline to the real world I think we’ve seen so far.
It *could* be somebody, but… could also be a friggin’ weather balloon, or… Sputnik crashing into Canada.
Oh, I hope it’s Canada. I can’t stand their superior attitudes.
Uh, oh, shut up everybody, look, here’s something cool. A phone!
Let’s stop making Alex uncomfortable and talk about this instead.
Sorry. Carry on.
Oh, Jonas and I will be alright. Besides, uh, the last five minutes, he’s seemed like an easy going guy.
I *am* an easy going guy. Usually.
Ren and I will be fine, he’s just a little cranky.
I’m *not* cranky.
Don’t worry, I’ll take care of him.
If a miracle happens and you *do* happen to get somebody on the horn, run up the road and grab us, okay?
Definitely. I wouldn’t leave you behind.
Are you, uh, feeling any better since the last time we saw you?
I dunno… like I’m getting the flu, honestly. But… whatever, I’ll rally. Just come back with the key.
No hard feelings. Right?
Good luck with the thing, Alex.
We’re still friends, Ren. If Missy’s sixth grade birthday party couldn’t split us up, this certainly won’t.
Now… don’t get depressed and eat any more brownies, okay? I still need you tip top, alright.
I’ll see you when you get back, Alex.
I still need you, Jonas... okay? So… keep your knee pads on. Mentally speaking.
Look, just… go easy on Ren when we get back, okay? He’s fragile, he has like a squirrel heart.
Uh, did you know the Comm Tower’s named after a guy called Major Dick Harden?
No.
Uh, just checking.
Alex, where are you going? We’re kinda in the middle of something…
We’ve *talked* enough, let’s get on with the whole getting off this island thing.
We will, hold your ponies.
Oh, whoops. Don’t mind me.
I’ll mind you less if I know you’re listening.
Alex, really, we need all of us active and participating in the how not to get eaten by nightmares stage of the evening, okay? Stay with the group!
Wait, wait, let’s… hold up until Alex stops wandering.
Hey, Alex, what are you doing? You can’t just leave, I’m getting, like, *scolded* here!
And it feels strange since I’ve never been reprimanded by someone my own age!
I’m a year older.
Oh, you’ve had a whole extra *Easter’s* worth of maturity, great!
Yeah, I’ve heard enough of this, I think. The climate isn’t really conducive to actual *thought*.
Let’s just get *on* with it, okay? If we’re doing the boat thing, let’s do the boat thing, let’s get the key.
Yeah, these shouting matches that never actually become shoving matches kinda bore me, guys.
Come back!
Yeah, seriously, this is important, stay with us.
Okay, you guys… Alex is leaving again.
Look, we’ll *stop*, just come back and we’ll finish it, okay?
Yeah, *he’ll* stop being a total *wad*.
Man, you have no idea how far out on the razor’s edge you are with me, buddy…
Alex, where are you going? Come up here, let’s strategize.
Alexxxx, really, don’t run off yet, I wanna know what we’re doing.
Oh my God, Alex, don’t leave me alone with these guys. Come back! Help!
Don’t even think about it. Come back here. Now.
You gonna be okay hanging back... with the boy?
Before we’d left, I’d told my Mom I was spending the night at a friend’s house.
And when I got back... I didn’t’ see any reason to change that story.
And... you know what, I still don’t.
The island did one good thing, forcing Ren and Nona together… which is nice cause they’re still together, actually… though they go to different schools now.
Trying out the long distance thing, I guess.
Ren always loved the town, but the island pretty much erased that in one fell swoop. He ended up going to college in California.
Nona I think is going to some ballet academy somewhere.
I talk to her every once in a while. She seems pretty okay.
But I kinda fell out of touch with her to be honest.
Clarissa left to study English literature… she was thinking of dropping out, but is keeping at it, for now.
We talk sometimes. *Rarely*, but sometimes.
And she’s still seeing Michael. She provokes him, and he settles her, so it works, I guess.
And she got a dog, too. If you care.
Clarissa fled to the east coast, dropped out of college and works at a boutique.
But any snippets of her life I hear from Michael. They’re still dating, kind of… really only when she visits.
She’ll never come back, though, I know that for sure. Not after that night.
Nobody really talks to her. Not even Michael is on good terms.
I can’t imagine she’ll ever come back. Not if the island's here.
He stayed in town to get an engineering degree.
He’s… content, but...
He sometimes thinks he would’ve been happier trying to go out on his own... I dunno. Maybe he just misses Clarissa.
I think he’s secretly planning to move to New York for Clarissa. I guess we’ll see.
Jonas never remembered *my* version of things… though I held out hope for a while that he would.
We still hang out all the time, though. He goes to school in town. I call him my “other brother.” Not to his face. Don’t tell Mike.
Jonas was the first to introduce me as his “sister.” You know, without the “step” part in front of it.
And it was weird at first, but... it’s the truth, he’s my brother. He goes to school in town and we see each other a lot.
Jonas and I hung out just once more, but it was… different. Awkward. I never saw him again after school ended.
I used to think that was kinda sad, you know? But I don’t anymore. Things are what they are.
Jonas and I are… mm. I’ll see him every Thanksgiving, at least, you know, but.... I don’t think he wants anything more than that.
He goes to State so he could be close to his Dad. And he loves the town. I’m happy for him.
It’s funny. What happened on the island used to pop into my head every single day.
And then every other day. And then a week went by and I realized I hadn’t thought about it all.
I guess that’s… I dunno. It’s good, I think.
But anyways, I, uh...
Well…
If it matters...
I left town to go to school. Undeclared. I need time to figure out what I... what I want, I guess.
I decided to stay in town and go to college here. It’s practically up the road, and… I just wanted something familiar, I guess.
I’m… taking some time off. Just to… I dunno, readjust my priorities, figure out what I want to do.
But anyways... what time is it? Oh... yeah, sorry, I gotta run or I’ll miss the ferry.
Ren’s dragging me out to Edwards Island for that yearly beach party thing.
And I have to pick up what’s-his-name, Jonas, too. Ugh, I hope he’s not weird or mean or something.
Whatever, I’m sure it’ll be fun. It’s something to do. Right?
But I don't talk to her. She never really got over me almost trading her best friend away... I can't really blame her.
Since Michael never left, we never had our... going away thing at the lake and so he never drowned.
He sometimes thinks he would've been happier trying to... go out on his own. I dunno.
Nobody remembers Clarissa… except me, of course. I think about her every single day, to be honest…
It’s a strange consequence, she’s *replaced* Michael in the pockets of my mind that get most… *recalled*.
I don’t know if it was the right thing to do. I think most people would say it wasn’t, but… most people’ll never have to face something like that.
The last time I talked to him, he was starting a band called Drunk Talk, so… business as usual.
He was my best friend... but I don’t know if I’ll ever see him again.
I hear she’s scared of the ocean, now.
He stayed in town to get an engineering degree.
It’s kinda, uh, kooky, but… apparently.
They actually seem kinda useful?
Like… if they all have some information on the island and stuff we might be able to use it.
Yeah, it’s a cool… it’s a... it’s just, like, neat, I think. She made her last act a game, sort of.
It was a mistake though, you know? She came here to… I dunno.
It’s just horrible how this all happened.
Yeah, well, she *did* doom all those men to a fate worse than death, it’s like *actually* that, I can say that for once, so...
I don’t know if sleepless nights aren’t a little deserved.
Yeah. She tried her best to... to make things, right, I guess. Or if not, uh, “right,” better at least.
Eh, too little, too late, really. I know that’s why pencils have erasers, but this was a pretty big screw up.
I feel bad for Maggie, really. Her best friend gets killed by sailor ghosts *you* partially created.
That’s not something you just shake off.
She shouldn’t have... *they* shouldn’t have poked their nose into it. What’s done was done, you gotta let stuff go.
How are you, uh, doing?
Uh, fine I guess. Why?
Just checking, you know.
Okay.
No ulterior motive, just, uh… making sure you’re doing alright.
Okay.
Uh, cause everything’s crazy? You know? So, just making sure your shoes are still on your feet.
They are, they are.
So…. just curious, but… what’s your running theory?
You played with the radio, a triangle came out, the triangle talked, hung out a little, then drowned us but not, and now we’re here.
Yep, that... those were the events.
Good talk.
Yeah, okay, but what does it all *mean*?
That’s between your and your priest.
How are you?
I’m doing fine, too. Fine and dandy.
Me, I’m great. I’m like a pog in it’s own fil... *pig* in its own filth, is what I mean to say.
Uh, could be better, but… we’ll get through this, and on to, uh, bigger and better.
Whoa, wait, did you... did you feel, like, I dunno... a brain earthquake or something...
No, I, uh, I feel kinda weird, too.
Wait, what just happened? I feel like… I don’t know… I got a flash of something...
This always used to creep me out as a kid… I guess it’s a Bomb *Strike* shelter, which is different from a Fallout Shelter because of… something.
Were they really scared of getting bombed here?
It was the war, so… and Europe was getting turned to cinder blocks so I think it made everybody jumpy.
We did get bombed.
A Japanese submarine blew up a baseball field, and… some kids were actually killed after they tampered with a... a launched fire balloon over in Lakeview in the 40’s.
Wow. That’s kinda crazy.
Hey, what did the ocean say to the lighthouse?
Uh, what?
Nothing. It just waved.
Have to sit down after that one?
I’m… sorry, I forgot where this was going, it’s horrible, nevermind.
Thanks.
Oh, is this... it’s not a joke, it’s a genuine question, okay, oceans don’t talk, so it didn’t say anything.
Wait, uh, if you wanna go get Ren, this is the wrong way, I think.
This is the way to go to Fort Milner and *Clarissa*.
This is the way to Fort Milner...
The woods are the opposite away.
Uh, this is... we’re *still* heading to get Clarissa, so… I’m just going to assume that’s what we’re doing now.
We’re, uh, we’re *still* going to Milner, so… I’m just going to assume that’s what we’re doing now.
Yeahhh, but I thought about it, and… if Clarissa has a walkie talkie or a radio or something we should go see her, first.
Alright, just making sure.
Yeah, I know, let’s just... I dunno, look around, check things out first. Ren can wait a second.
Alright, if you say so.
Oh, I didn’t know. This isn’t the way to the forest?
No, no this is Fort Milner, so… this is just gonna go to Clarissa.
Alright, thanks. Yeah, let’s turn back.
Okay. Clarissa it is...
This is the way to get *Ren*.
Ft. Milner’s the opposite way.
Wait, if you wanna see Clarissa, this is the wrong way, right?
Yeah, you know what? I thought about it, and… let’s just get Ren, he’s like practically right here.
Hey, fine by me.
Alright, I guess Ren’s getting his rescue.
Oh. Whoops. Clarissa’s back the other way?
Yeah, at Ft. Milner, remember? This is... this will just go through the woods.
We should turn back.
Oh, I get it. *Sarcasm*. I have to get used to your sense of humor.
We’re goin’ to get, Ren, okay, I got it.
You know… I do remember you from Mr. Tuttle’s class.
You sit in the, uh, the back… behind Jake. I just forgot. Sorry.
But uh, yeah, I remember you from class now.
Sorry, I, uh… it only just clicked for me.
Hey, it’s, uh, it’s nothing to be sorry about.
I don’t talk all that much so I don’t know why you would remember me.
Hey, you *should* be sorry, I’m a *personality* in that class compared to the rest of those dead weights.
Yeah, no, it’s true.
I’m also just like never there.
It’s a loophole, where... I don’t know if you know this, but if you ditch, you get a detention, and if you don’t go to *that*, you get suspended…
But suspensions are like a paid vacation, you can just do your work over.
But you... but you miss the *class*! Isn’t that like the most important part, how do you even learn anything?
Jenny, the TA? She lets me practice ballet in her studio.
So… I learn jumping. That’s enough.
Oh, nice. Good tip, thanks, I’m gonna use that.
Yeah, of course.
Wait, if you don’t really go to, like, class, what are you doing instead all day?
So… that, really.
Oh, and… don’t tell anyone, but my birthday’s in three days, and I’m having a thing, and you’re invited.
[cough]
So.
It’s like what’s the point.
I think Clarissa’s out of town, so…
It shouldn’t be a problem.
Uh, but yeah, I’m gonna have a birthday party thing soonish but keep it under your hat.
I don’t know where yet.
Just not bowling, that’s such a cop out.
Well, Happy early Birthday! In my family we celebrate birthdays all week so you’re four days late, you gotta get in the mindstate.
Thanks.
I’m sorry, I don’t even know why I brought it up.
Why didn’t you tell us? We coulda made this more of a, you know, a birthday thing instead of just a beach bash or whatever.
I… don’t even know why I mentioned it now, really.
Egh, sorry you had to spend part of your birthday week dealing with all of, uh, *this*.
Oh, that’s no big deal.
I don’t even know why I brought it up.
Yeah… I’m sorry, I don’t even know why I brought that up.
That’s not true. I was thinking about... I’m worried about Clarissa, and… I was thinking about my *last* birthday when...
Actually, sorry, nevermind, this has nothing to do with anything.
I’m just in a fog right now.
Sorry.
No, c’mon, I wanna hear this. It was last year, your birthday, go.
It’s okay, it’s fine, we’re all… kinda in a daze right now.
Just... this was when Nicole was in her car accident and... so of course we cancel and go visit her, and... I’m not gonna pout about that, it’s common decency, it’s fine.
But afterwards, after this totally emotionally draining night... Clarissa *still* came over and surprised me with this *huge* cake.
Why *was* I even thinking about my birthday… I guess it was because… last year, we were gonna have this party.
And… we stayed up… and watched all my favorite movies.
And… she didn’t have to do that.
But it was nice.
Wait, *Clarissa* did that? Clarissa? *Our* Clarissa?
She’s a good person, Alex, really, it’s just... it’s like she’s had a pebble in her boot for a while that… she just can’t seem to get rid of.
That’s… sweet, actually.
Anyways... my birthday’s in three days, and…
Anyways, about Clarissa...
I just hope she’s okay, that’s all.
We’ll find her, Nona, we’re not leaving without her.
Just on three okay.
Well… hope for the best, but… prepare for the worst.
Yeah, I know.
Don’t worry, Nona. Clarissa’s… around here somewhere.
This is… I wanna… This is whatever, but are you like religious at all?
My Dad said your Mom wasn’t, but…
That doesn’t necessarily mean… you know.
But anyways I was just... I just wanted to know if you, like, “believed…”
But anyways I was just... I just wanted to know if you, like, “believed…”
Or whatever.
No, not at all. My parents weren’t and I’m not either.
Okay. But… still? Even after tonight?
This hasn’t… shaken anything loose, or...
Made you... made you sorta reconsider?
Yeah, I guess.
My personal feeling is that the scientific process has given us lots of “how” but not enough “why,” so…
But really, even after everything’s happened tonight, you’re not even a little, uh, “God-fearing?”
Nope. I mean, we *say* they’re ghosts...
Spirits.
Unexplained phenomena.
But… when a bird looks in the mirror she doesn’t see her reflection, she sees, like, a bird assassin. And there's a strong possibility we're just as stupid right now.
I’d be lying if I said… I guess this… *stuff* we’ve been going through has pushed the needle a little closer to “Maybe?”
I can probably guess where you’re going with this, but I’m gonna ask anyway. Why?
Yeah, my parents were Methodist, but my mom was... she like *practiced.*
Huh, alright. My Mom was Methodist, my Dad… kinda didn’t care, but...
I’m only bringing it up because… I guess it’s because my mom was Methodist, and...
Tonight’s kind of… I guess I’m just realizing a lot of it’s rubbed off on me more than I thought.
But… I dunno.
I was just wondering if you were.
What about it rubbed off on you?
Uh, “Faith discerns the things of God?” I heard that a lot as a kid, and it, uh, it’s been on my mind tonight.
I could see having some of that stuff could be, um, “timely” now just, uh… for processing this. Like having some armor.
Okay, but... I mean, *c’mon* Jonas, you *know* all that stuff is complete bunk, right?
There might be *something* out there but it’s not some *guy* pushing buttons on a cloud.
I’m not saying it’s some *guy* but you don’t think maybe there’s like a... a *being* or…
Or even like a place that you go after you die?
Or something like a spirit?
But anyways, I’m not talking about... about it even being a *guy* necessarily, but like a *presence* or something…
Right?
A vague “being”, maybe. Like a prime mover or something. Sure.
No, there’s no great “being.” If there is something out there it’s completely devoid of anything resembling a personality and is also probably dead.
Geez. Okay, I just... I guess I just have a different outlook.
Some aspects of it just, uh, help me, I guess, day to day.
Some aspects of it just, uh, help me, I guess, day to day.
A little.
But, uh, I was just saying that I guess some, uh, aspects of my Mom’s faith kind of help me a little.
Just with day to day, regular stuff.
I’m surprised, to be honest. I didn’t think you’d have this... I just didn’t think you’d be that way. Like, at all.
That’s, uh… I dunno, I think that’s too bad.
Well, uh, no offense, but I’m officially putting you in the “brainwashed” category of my friends and family.
And I’m putting you in the “soulless” category, so… we’re even.
Yeah, sometimes… it can help me, too. Just focusing on something bigger than me, bigger than, uh, this.
Yeah, you know… it is what it is.
Yeah, I… I guess I just can’t really imagine that. I need to see or touch it… or see evidence, you know?
Yeah, no, makes sense.
Like what aspects?
Just the, uh, that everything... not that everything “happens for a reason” or whatever, but just… that some things are inevitable.
I dunno.
I’m just babbling now.
I get that. “Don’t worry about the stuff you can’t control.”
Yeah. But whatever.
If I felt like that I don’t think I’d ever try to do anything, though. I’d just think it’s already all taken care of.
Nah. You don’t strike me as that kind of person.
I dunno.
I’m just babbling now.
Oh man, you know what just jumped into my head just completely randomly? That show in the, uh... it was a horse ranch?
Or a horse *farm*, but…
But that makes it sound like they have a little cabbage patch field of horses...
But anyways I was thinking of that... that horse show?
Remember?
What? What are you talking about?
Horse ranch show? Huh?
Okay, are you still out of it? I shouldn’t being paying any attention to this, right?
No, this is... I can’t believe you don’t remember this.
There was a... there was a show at a horse ranch?
A year ago, out in Salem? We took over a stable, our band played, and you... you ditched that test *again* - right? - to bring us a new amp...
Cause during the soundcheck we blew ours?
None of this is… sparking any synapses?
We wrecked the speakers playing, “See you in Hell My Friend?”
Right?
But it was out in Salem? We played a concert, you brought us an amp?
Nope, uh... memory’s pretty gloomy on this one.
Wait, she ditched a test?
Uh, sure! I... if I *squint* I can kinda remember… What about it?
Nothing, I don’t know. But I can’t believe you didn’t tell Jonas this story yet.
What about *tonight* made this pop into your head? Is it just cause we’re like… outside?
I dunno! But I can’t believe you didn't tell Jonas this story yet.
Okay, what is the story?
She had already blown off this, like, super important for school placement aptitude test once and...
Why’d you do that?
So, back to the story, she’d skipped out on this crazy important exam for school.
And she did that why?
Um, I think she was…
...indisposed?
You know, I, uh, I can’t even remember.
Yeah, I don’t, uh…
I don't… really remember… why?
Uh, Michael had just died like… a month or two before, and I, uh… I don’t know, I just wasn’t in the quizzing mood.
But you know it’s... whatever that’s... that’s not part of the story.
I just… hate… no. 2 pencils, man.
Anyways, she was gonna retake it, and on the day of, I had to emergency call her way out in the... just picture, like, Little House on the Prairie.
I don’t know what that is.
It’s a... really? You don’t know what Little House on the Prairie is?
Wait, you blew off an important test to get him his *amp*?
Really?
That was... a thing you did?
Is that right?
But back up a second, you didn’t take a test because you had to get him an amp?
I guess! I mean, I… don’t really remember this at all, but… yeah, sure.
Yeah, I mean… he needed his amp. And it was just a stupid test, so… who cares.
Well, yeah, I mean… maybe… I would've done things differently now, but… you know, whatever.
Yeah, no, total super friend status, you know?
And the funny part is I’d taken that same test after dosing a buncha cough medicine and I *still* aced it so *she* woulda blown it outta the water.
And even knowing *that* she still came out to help me.
That’s awesome, right?
You failed to tell me *that* part.
Maybe that’s why this is a more meaningful memory to me than you…
Of course you did. One of these days Nate’s dad is gonna start keeping a *tally* of his medicine cabinet.
And I will rue that day, lemme tell you.
Yeah… even if you think the test was stupid, I dunno… I can’t help but feel that you maybe shoulda probably still done it.
Yeah… I think I’m with Alex on this one. She maybe probably shoulda stuck around and taken that test…
I dunno... I think you probably shoulda taken the test.
Really?
Even if at the time she didn’t care?
How come?
But yeah, I dunno… I think you probably shoulda taken the test, to be honest.
Huh. Why do you think so?
*You*, *you’re* saying this, the guy who doesn’t like school thinks I should’ve skipped my friend’s concert to take an *exam*.
Listen, it’s just... like, if- if I was good at… what *you* guys are good at, which is… being smart...
I wouldn’t waste one of my few remaining test days… on a show in a barn.
Take tests, show off.
I would, if I could.
No offense.
Hey, none taken.
But yeah, I’m just saying… don’t waste what you got.
Well, I don’t regret it, not really.
Ren did a good show, and Mindy got drunk, and it was funny, and the test wouldn’t have made me laugh, so…
Amen.
Alright.
Words to live by. “Don’t squander your potential on music manure.”
Well *sorry* I dragged you out there and made you pet a horse and drink moonshine!
Oh, well now that I know that *moonshine* was involved…
I’m not that smart, Jonas. There’s nothing really to “waste” here.
If you say so.
But really it was a good show. You woulda liked it. If we had known you back then.
I… don’t doubt it.
God, can you believe Jonas back there? Blaming *me* for everything? Me?!
I can’t *imagine* dealing with him the whole night, how have you not just like *attacked* him by now?
But I mean, really, Jonas, how has it been with him, cause… if that whole ordeal was any clue at all...
It must be *so* annoying, his whole… *schtick*.
Just, like, what a complete ball knocker.
Tonight must be like the Five Trials of the Something Or Other…
Like, it just must be so aggravating.
It’s actually been kinda great, Ren, having him around, so.. I don’t really know what to tell you.
It’s been “great,” seriously? Looking at that face, hearing that voice? Why?
He just had a bad moment, Ren, okay?
It’s been a night of *extraordinary circumstances*, I think we can cut the guy some slack.
Okay, oh good hearted one, I’ll turn the other cheek if it’ll make you happy.
It’s been… strained, sometimes, I’ll admit. He has a way about him that can put you on edge.
See? See, okay, good, I’m not... I’m not crazy.
But I dunno, whatever.
It’s just been nice having somebody to talk to through everything, it keeps... I dunno, it keeps it, like, *sane*.
Alright.
It’s been nice having, like, *help*. Or… it’s been like, he’s my mascot, kind of. My toadie.
I don’t know *why*, I can’t put it into words, it’s… it’s just been good… to have him around.
What on Earth could be great about that?
He acts like… he acts like *Jordan*, remember?
Remember that guy?
Man, now I’m *really* glad I didn’t let Ellie come tonight.
I know you and my little sister have like this weird psychic connection when it comes to useless trivia or whatever, but *boy* that would’ve been bad.
But seriously, can you imagine Ellie being here? How many limbs she would’ve lost by this point?
I do not need a Junior Highschooler running around...
Threatening to tell Dad how much of her life I’ve imperiled.
Yeesh.
I can’t wait to tell her about all this nonsense, though, she’s gonna flip.
Yeah. Bullet dodged.
*I’m* not glad she didn’t come, Ellie’s like a... she’s like a little Bobby Fischer, she makes rockets in her backyard, she could’ve helped.
Ellie’d be crying in a corner of the Comm Tower right now, okay? She wouldn’t have “helped.”
Why’d you tell her to stay home?
Cause I wouldn’t’ve been able to *relax*, you know? She’d tell Mom about... stuff.
You know she just turned thirteen? It just doesn't compute for me that Allison did this four years ago.
And anyways, yeah, it just doesn’t compute for me that Allison did the whole spend the night on the island thing like four years ago.
She’s all… “collegiate,” now.
She was happy for me, that it was my turn to do this.
She told me to bring board games.
I think I remember her saying she had fun.
Yeah, did, uh, Allie notice anything, or… experience anything weird when she was here?
Her friends didn’t care about the cave thing so they didn’t bring a radio.
They just screwed in the woods and went home.
Hey, yeah, *she* survived! Our odds just improved.
*Everyone* has survived up until this point, Alex. My *uncle* did this, it’s not supposed to be a big deal.
Allie said that, uh, I’d be a little different when I came home.
But, uh, I was just saying that Allie said that I’d feel a little… changed or something when I got home.
Like I’d been let in on a secret or uh…
Learned something….
And I didn’t really know what she meant, like, at first, you know?
Wait, do you... she couldn’t have known what was gonna happen? Right?
Nah.
She’s just screwing with you, Ren. It’s like standing outside of a spook house and hyping it up for the kids in line.
She wasn’t trying to *scare* me, it was...
What, like, uh, like it feels like graduating or something?
But yeah, when Allie got back, she said… God what was it...
She said there are times in your life when you really *feel* older.
Like… your first real fight, your first real apartment… first person you really care about dies...
And you didn’t know how young you really were until those moments happen, you know?
But she... Allie said there was a difference between “getting” older and “feeling” older…
And that I’d… “feel” older after tonight.
But now you do.
And it’s behind you.
I don’t know.
Oddly prescient that she’d say that, don’t you think?
Nah, she always likes to play fortune teller. But she joined a sorority, so… what does that tell you.
Ren, what’d she do here? What happened?
I dunno. She broke up with her boyfriend and went off to Amherst right after, so… who knows.
I don’t really feel like that. My first real fight I didn’t feel any older, I felt stupider.
I think feeling older is pretty much just like feeling stupider, so maybe she has a point.
But I mean she also said Wings was the best thing McCartney ever did, so take everything with a grain of salt.
Yeah, uh… this doesn’t sound too good.
Mayday, may- oh, crap, this isn’t... Ren, this is just coming out of the speakers on the roof thing, it’s not....
Well, now we know where the little moppets are.
Let’s huddle up, see how they’re doing.
Yeah.
Well… at least the important ones are safe.
Alex, c’mon.
Alright, if Ren and Nona are in the Comm Tower… just *where* did Clarissa hobble off to.
Let’s talk to Ren and Nona before we try and find her, cause… like, I don’t know, maybe they know something we don’t.
That was like two thirds a joke, c’mon.
Hey, no foolin’. We know of the five of us, Clarissa can take a lickin’ and keep on tickin’, so... we can safely assume *she’s* okay.
Ugh, my God, is this what I sound like?
How can anyone stand to listen to me all day?
Clarissa’s probably not doing too great right now.
Mayday, may- oh, crap, this isn’t... this is just coming out of the speakers on the roof thing, isn’t it.
She’s adorable, isn’t she.
Yeah, those cheeks are just made for pinching.
Let’s see how she is.
And, uh, also give my lungs a breather... my stupid chest’s on fire for some reason.
Smoke’ll do that.
Yes it will.
Let’s huddle up, see how she’s doing.
Alright, so… if Nona’s in the Comm Tower, and we’re all with us… God, where Clarissa get off to.
Maybe Nona’s seen her on the way in, or… has a clue or something.
I’d think Clarissa would be with her, then, though, right?
I’m just… talking here.
Let’s see how they’re doing, before we… I dunno, I just want to take the breather.
[sigh]
If there’s a simpler way then let’s just do that and there might be, so… let’s just go to the gate.
It’s not... it’s not even a real thing yet, and… there might be a *realer* thing by just like hopping the gate, so… let’s try that first.
Exactly.
To the Adler gate!
Okay, look.
I’m going to say I’m sorry now for what happened up there… but I do *not* want you take it as an admission of guilt.
But anyways, I wanna say I’m sorry, so…
Well, if you’re *going* to say you’re sorry, I guess… the floor is yours.
Alex, I am sorry.
So yeah, anyways, I’m sorry about what happened.
I really am.
How’s that.
It went a little farther than it should...
That distinction is important.
Cause… I don’t think anything I said was *that* off base.
Ummm… for being... for *not* being the adult when the situation required someone to be.
And I guess for kind of… blaming Ren… for everything that’s gone wrong when that’s not entirely fair.
So, just… sorry for the whole thing, it... *I* shouldn’t have gone in on Ren at all.
But anyways, I wanna say I’m sorry, so…
I’m sorry, I am. I didn’t mean it to… get that far.
Hey, I was just the girl on the sidewalk watching the car crash happen in slow motion.
But you should nip it in the bud with Ren when we get back, just say you’re sorry.
Fine, for you, I will apologize to Ren when I see him.
You like completely lost it up there! And for no reason either, I mean, we should be, like… in this together.
I know, I know, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to blow up.
Look, and I just wanna clear the air, too, just so Ren or whoever can’t use it as ammo against me, but...
The whole, “I went to jail,” thing?
You asked if I went to jail during the beach game?
You might have heard I went to, uh, jail at some point?
I never went to jail, but I did beat up a guy and get sent to juvenile detention for it.
And I just wanted you to know, so…
...it like wasn’t a thing hanging over your head or anything.
And it wasn’t... wasn’t much of a fight, really.
Listen, I just want you to know that I *did* go to juvie for a couple months for a fight I got into.
Why’d you, uh... why’d you do it?
Oh. So you’re a giant creep. What, did he like talk to your sister or something?
No no, it wasn’t like that.
And this… is the truth? You beat up a guy?
Yeah, that’s the truth.
And I just don’t want you to think that I’m like a psycho or anything.
And... look, about the whole fight thing...
Just... my mom got sick and then she got *real* sick, and… this *kid* Timmy Finster threw a baseball at my head, and *yes* he was joking, but… I don’t know, I just popped.
It was as stupid as it sounds.
And I’m not gonna defend myself.
Jonas, you *know* that’s no excuse for beating up some random guy. What'd he even do besides throw a baseball at you?
Nothing, that’s the thing. I mean, it was stupid.
You… lost control, Jonas. It... happens, we… break, sometimes.
What… happened to the other guy?
Hospitalized… not for a *while*, but… you know.
I tried to visit him… after I got out, but… he wouldn’t see me.
My Mom found out, of course, and I… I never really squared it with her in a way that… I don’t know.
Things never really work out the way you want, you know.
But whatever.
Are you… are you okay?
It’s not like I’m… *sick* or whatever, I’m fine. Now.
Yeah, well… you’re preaching to the choir on that one.
Sometimes they do. If you squint. Things line up, not always, but… sometimes.
But... look, I don’t know why I did it and I didn’t learn anything and… and...
I’m not gonna say I’m a good guy, Alex. But I’m trying to be.
And that’s really about all I can say.
You *are* a good guy, Jonas. I’m a scary judge of people. I’m like a *bee*, I can sense stuff.
[light laugh]
But I’m serious now. You’re a good guy. Okay?
Alright.
Say it, “I’m a good guy.”
Okay, alright, I’m a good guy, let’s… move on.
You are. I mean it.
Just, you know… don’t attack me with a baseball bat or anything.
I know.
Jonas, I… just hope that’s enough.
No, Alex... it’s... we gotta go this way.
Alex, I think... like, shouldn’t we go up to the Comm Tower and see how Ren and Nona are holding up?
Don’t you wanna see about your friends? We know they’re in Harden Tower, let’s check on ‘em.
Alex, c’mon, I wanna get to Nona and make sure she’s okay.
Alex, really... like, pretend you *like* and *care* about Nona for two minutes and let’s go help her. She’s this way.
Alex? Are you alright?
Okay, you... are you back? You’ve been acting *super* weird for like the last five minutes, do you... do you know that?
I let it go for the first *two*, but…
Then it got… stranger.
I just wanna make sure you’re not about to, like, fall down or something.
Right? So you’re good?
But… really, are you doing okay, you really went… elsewhere for a second.
Uh, didn’t you notice I’ve been, like, *gone* for the past whoever knows?
I was just like leapfrogged back in time.
What?
Jonas, I just saw... I think I just saw my brother.
What?
Where?
But really quick, back to the whole you having a, uh, stroke thing, just... just poke me if you need to talk or something to stay up.
That’s what I’m here for.
I, uh... I don’t know, what was I doing?
Uh, you kinda slowed down… then stopped. Then were just shuffling your feet like you forgot how to, actually… *move*.
And then you were kinda just muttering to yourself about, like, sandwiches or something?
But yeah, you just stopped talking or moving…
And then you were saying something about … food, or… something? You were talking about lunch or sandwiches.
Here? Is he...
Did you see him somewhere here?
What does that mean, was it here?
Just... what are you talking about?
But Alex, seriusly, rewind… you just saw Michael?
I was… It was like those time loops we’ve been experiencing, right?
This was... it’s like we’ve been having ripples and this was a *wave*, I was bumped *all* the way back to when Michael was still alive.
Just now?
Maybe it was… maybe it was an illusion or something.
Well.. wait, we don’t know that yet, just... can you tell me what happened, what you saw?
*Alex*. Where did you see him? Is he here, is he not here?
You can’t say something like that and then not, you know, *explain*.
Okay, I... I guess if you don’t wanna talk about it, fine.
The whole thing was a weird little show.
Like you were having a, uh... a stroke or something.
I thought at first you were just transitioning into the delirious phase of the evening.
I, uh, I was?
*Yes*. You said it doesn’t matter *what’s* in it, potato chips *always* improve a sandwich. But it was to like yourself.
Whatever, as long as you’re back among the living, let’s just head to the... the gate, try the radio.
I haven’t been talking about stupid *sandwiches*, haven’t you realized that I was *gone* for however long!
I went through another time loop thing!
Just now?
You’ve been here the whole time, I would’ve noticed if you’d blinked to some other existence.
But, uh, anyways, yeah, you’ve been walking with me the entire time, from Main Street here.
You really haven’t left.
Just been doing the... the shuffling thing.
You haven’t gone anywhere.
So, I don’t... I don’t know what you mean.
You might have *seen* me here or something but... I mean, I don’t know how this time stuff works, and this was... this was *real*, okay?
I believe you, I believe you, just... what happened?
Wait, have I? You didn’t see me, uh, disappear for ten minutes or something?
Uhhh, no. But...
Can you maybe just tell me what happened?
I don’t remember being here at all. I... I haven’t been here, I don’t know how else to say it.
Alright, well… can you, like, maybe just tell me what happened?
It was a day I can remember, actually, when… Michael and I spent a random Saturday on the beach here.
It was just unbelievable to... to see him again.
Clarissa was there, too, it wasn’t just me.
Like, what did you see *exactly?*
Was he *here*, was he…
Just… what was it like?
Go back to what you said.
What happened.
Just, what did you see with Michael, really?
I still wanna... I’m sorry, I have to know what happened with Michael, Alex, really.
Man.
Was it... like, *good* to... I don’t know how to say this without… I guess I just wanna make sure you’re alright.
But the Michael stuff… are you doing okay?
*Are* you alright?
It’s kind of a big thing to have happen, I just wanna make sure you're...
I dunno, that you’re okay.
No, it was... it was good to see him. I’m… treating it like a... a temporary gift. That’s all.
Okay.
It was… weird. I don’t know. I don’t know if it was a good thing… for me.
We’ll be out of here, soon, Alex. Don’t worry.
It just… sucks that he’s not... that he’s not here, I guess. That’s all.
Well...
Hey, kid. What the Hell are you doing?
Are you alright? You’ve just been shuffling your feet back and forth and talking to yourself like you’re having a brain thing.
But no no I wanna settle the issue of, “Did Alex have a stroke or not.”
Are you doing okay?
I’m like seriously concerned here.
Are you feeling okay?
Or… no? Yes? Gimme something here.
What are you talking about?
You stopped walking, and then you just started *swaying* back and forth, and then you were like whispering about *sandwiches* or something.
But earlier, you were just... like somebody’d pulled your motor out.
You were just shuffling your feet and talking about sandwiches in a low register.
The whole show was a little funny at first then really bizarre.
So are you okay?
It was fairly pathetic to watch, like a kitten getting rained on.
Feeling better?
Yeah, it was sad and a little scary to see.
Just... as long as you got your wind back, it’s fine, let’s just get to the gate and try and use the new radio to get out of here.
I went through... it was one of those time loop things.
Time loop thing?
But just lemme get the last word here on your weirdness, just... don’t be weird.
And if you’re gonna be weird, lemme know so I can, like, help… or something.
But let’s just get back to the gate.
Ren, I just saw... I think I just saw Michael.
How? Where?
But Alex, really, what are you talking about? You saw Mike?
Here? Is he...
Was it like a... a- I don’t know what to call it.
What does that mean, was it here?
Was it... did you *think* you saw him?
I was… it was like those time jumps we’re sometimes having, right?
Just now?
An illusion? I mean... don’t fluff it off, just tell me what happened first.
*Alex*. What’s going on, where did you see him, how did it happen, I need... I mean, give me something here.
Clarify. Please.
Alright, okay, let’s just get to the gate then. If you don’t wanna talk about it.
You’ve genuinely, honest to God been here the whole time, you never left, you never went anywhere.
But… yeah, I mean, just so you know, you’ve been here, really, the whole walk.
You did the... the weird invalid thing.
But other than that….
You didn’t vanish or anything.
So, I don’t... I don’t know what you mean.
I have no problem believing that something happened, tonight's the night for *things* to happen, just... paint me a picture, here.
Not especially, no.
Can you maybe just tell me what happened?
Alright, well… can you, like, maybe just tell me what happened?
Just, wait… Michael. Go back to Michael. What happened.
Just so I can have an idea of what you’re talking about?
Like, just, what did you see, what went on.
Describe it for me.
Did you see him… here? Elsewhere?
Just… what was it like?
Just so I can have an idea of what you're talking about...
Wow. That’s... yeah.
I don’t even... like, is this a good thing? I don’t even know what this means.
But... I’m sorry, seeing Michael… what was it like?
I’m like halfway between terror and... and awe right now.
Like, what is this.
Just... how are you doing, I guess...
This is a new level of level-headed, I think, congratulations. Man.
Yeah.
Let’s just meet up with the others... get out of here.
Well...
Alex? Are you... alright, are you back with me now?
*Man*, you’ve been acting like a... I don’t even know how to put it... like a *bird*, just flitting around in circles for ten minutes
But, wait, I wanna... I just wanna make sure you’re doing okay and not… doing *weird* anymore.
I was about to like slap you or scream or something.
It’s been not fun to watch in light of everything.
So… *are* you okay?
Or… approaching okay?
Huh? Back in time, what... what are you talking about?
Well, let’s see, first you stopped walking, then you started spinning, slowly, like a dying top…
Then you were talking about sandwiches like in your sleep...
And... I’m sorry, I just wanna make sure you’re okay, now, since… you were totally bug nuts earlier.
Shuffling, and slowly not walking, and… talking to yourself about sandwiches
I thought honestly I was watching your brain melt.
Not fun.
So… are you alright?
Like seriously alright?
Yeah, it was just like you... you totally lost all your wind.
But… I mean, you seem okay now, so… let’s just get to the gate quick and do this thing and get home.
Time loop thing?
But just… if you feel like you’re gonna faint, shout or something, and, uh, I’ll fling my body on the ground to cushion your fall or something.
But let’s just get back to the gate before that becomes, uh, necessary.
Nona, I just saw... I think I just saw my brother, Mike.
What? How?
Where, here? Is he...
Was it like a... a- I don’t know what to call it, a *vision*
Was he... was it here?
What happened?
But Alex, seriously, what do you mean you saw your brother?
Right now?
Well, maybe it wasn’t, maybe it was, like… a... a real thing.
*Alex*. C’mon, what’s going on, you can talk to me. Draw me a picture here, what’s going on.
I wanna try and help, if I... if I can...
Okay, I’m sorry, I don’t wanna pry or… push or anything, so… let’s just get back to the gate and see about getting home.
Really, you didn’t leave, we’ve been here the whole time, both of us. Well… you more physically than mentally, I guess, but...
But… yeah, I mean, just so you know, you’ve been with me the whole walk.
Other than that...
I don’t really know what to tell ya.
You didn’t blink out or disappear or anything.
The weirdest part was just you babbling to yourself.
I believe you, I believe you, I do, just give me some details here.
Nope. You’ve been right there.
Can you maybe just tell me what happened?
Alright, well… can you, like, maybe just tell me what happened?
What’d you see, what was it like?
What happened, basically?
Just, okay, for my own... whatever, catalogue of tonight’s insane events, what happened with the Michael thing.
And… look, if you don’t wanna talk about Michael, I understand, but… you *did* say you saw him. Right?
You saw him, right?
Here? Or… no?
I can maybe help you sort it out…
Maybe.
Are you doing okay?
Something like that... I don’t know if I’d... like it.
I don’t know if I’d… like it.
But... I’m sorry, after seeing Michael… are you doing alright?
Okay.
Yeah.
Let’s get to the gate. Get home.
Well...
Hey? Why aren’t you at the tower?
*This* one got a little antsy.
Weird stuff was playing on the radio! That voice said I had a “mother’s laugh,” what does that even mean!
*Anyways*... are we happy?
We’re happy. We got a new radio that’s supposed to open doors and gates in some magical way.
Oh, thank God, I was getting nervous that you would have walked all that way and then not found anything…
Seeing as how it *was* my advice to, uh, do the whole thing.
But it worked out, so great.
We think that’s how it works, anyway.
Terrific.
But anyways, yes, we did it, we got the thing to open the gate, it’s a new radio.
How have, uh, you two been? What am I working with here, how much *leering* am I gonna have to put up with.
Yeah, Clarissa’s… uh, gone, though.
Gone... gone, like, *dead* or...
No, I guess there was a... what did you guys call it, like a time… loop… thing?
She pretty much got transmogrified to someplace else.
It’s sad that any of those words make any sense to me, but...
Time looped away?
Teleported. I guess.
Some… weird stuff happened along the way, but… I mean, I guess whatever, that’s the new normal now.
“Weird stuff?”
And we can’t find Clarissa, so…
It’s not like we can leave, anyway.
Where is she?
We don’t know.
Well, if the radio’s the thing...
It doesn’t matter without Clarissa.
Sooo, *anyways*, Clarissa’s not here, which means we can’t leave yet.
Do I really have to point out that she’s not here?
Oh yeah, that’s… true, I suppose.
So I don’t really know what to do.
Clarissa’ll be fine, she’s... She hitchhiked to Mountain View for that concert, remember?
This is a *little* different.
Yeah, should we maybe… look for her, possibly? Even if the boat plan works, we shouldn’t leave her here.
Look, we got the way in, let’s just... do what we meant to do and check to see if the boat works.
But not *leave*, yet, right?
Listen, if we have the *key*, which is apparently this radio, then let’s just go to the house and *see*.
And if it looks like we can leave that way then we’ll go on a Clarissa hunt.
Alright.
But yeah, let’s just go through the gate and snoop out the house and see about the boat.
And then, you know, go and see if Clarissa’s still alive somewhere.
I think you’re supposed to use the radio to “tune” into the gate, right, Alex?
So are you gonna try the gate thing or…?
If we’re still gonna go to the house, let’s do it. Try the radio, Alex.
Oh, good. You didn’t… die.
But we can open the gate?
Yes, that was a concern.
Well worry no more. We got the thing we need to do the thing.
It’s this cool new radio that I guess can open doors and crap with its, uh, mechano-ways.
Really?
Did you get it, did it work, do you hate me cause it didn’t work?
It worked, it worked, we got the... well, actually, it turned out to be a radio, but... I guess it can open doors and gates and stuff with different frequencies.
But anyways, yes, we did it, we got the thing to open the gate.
But yeah, we got what should hopefully work to open the gate.
Yeah, we think.
We can open the gate.
I think.
Good.
We think.
Awesome.
But yeah, we got what should hopefully work to open the gate.
Uh, cool.
How have you been? Any, uh, terror?
My “terror’s” been keeping at kind of at a mild simmer, so… it’s a win.
Clarissa still hasn’t turned up?
What weird stuff?
But If the radio’s the thing...
Wait, where’s Clarissa? We can’t leave yet without her.
Sooo, I was just saying or... *gonna* say that Clarissa isn’t here, though.
We’ve been alright.
Better than it could’ve been, I guess.
No, she *did*, but… I guess she got like... God this sounds insane but whatever... possessed and *time looped* away...
We… did?
My memory got kind of jangled, but she was there, and then she was possessed and then she was... what, Alex? Time looped?
Well, like, Clarissa *was* there, we had her, and then she wasn’t and we didn’t.
Clarissa sorta kinda got possessed and then disappeared off the face of the earth.
Possessed and what? “Time looped?”
Uh, teleported is probably more apt.
So, there is that.
What? Where is she?
We don’t know.
Oh, so there’s that.
What? Where is she?
Wellll… kind of.
But… not in the way you’d want.
Um, yes… but...
She kinda disappeared.
So I don’t really know what you wanna do.
Jonas, sorry pal, but that’s another five bucks you owe me.
I’m like fifty bucks behind, gimme a break.
How is that my fault!
Uh, you bet on whether or not we’d even make it back?
Yeah, but not for money. For dinner.
*Dinner!?*
Yeah, but like a fancy dinner. Steaks.
*Steaks!*
It doesn’t matter, what happened!
We got a... a new radio.
Boy, you two are getting along *awfully* well for people in a world of garbage right now.
Well… silver linings.
Oh my God, I should have never left.
Well we can...
Wait, stop, why are you guys like laughing and talking and touching each other.
Touching each other?
With your words!
Ren, just... what happened.
Uh, cool.
Then let's get out of here.
I’m glad we can leave, let’s put it that way.
Yeah, don’t even tip-toe in the vicinity of a joke right now. I just wanna get out of here.
Have you seen her or... heard from her?
Welll.... kind of.
But... not in the way you'd want.
Please have a boat, please have a boat, please have a boat.
Just think happy thoughts.
Yeah. Happy thoughts.
Cool.
Neat.
Wow.
I guess the radio will open this… somehow…?
Hopefully. Give it a whirl.
“Mrs. Hendricks, please tune to 55.6 to open.’'
Yeah, so… I don’t get it. I mean, my radio dial doesn’t even go that low.
It probably has to do with the island radio stuff… that’s all you hear about this place.
Yeah, I don’t get it either.
Huh. Pretty weird.
Cool.
Neat.
Wow.
Where you going?
I thought we… aren’t we sticking to the... the find the boat and paddle away game plan?
Yeah?
I wanna find Clarissa before we even do this, it seems pointless without the whole bundle.
Find her *where*, we have *no* idea where she is. Or *I* don’t, at least.
I mean… if she wants to go, that’s alright. We’ll stay here.
I… guess.
Oh, I’m not leaving. Just, you know… doing my thing?
First of all, it’s “thang,” and secondly, what does that even mean?
Well, we’ll be here when you’re finished.
Maggie Adler left a bunch of mysterious mystery stuff all over the place and I’m not leaving until I get my hands on them.
*Seriously*? That’s, like, a concern?
*Okay*, but, uh, that kinda feels like a *morning* thing, but sure.
I guess… we’re just on your plan, then.
Alex? Alex, okay, are you... are you back to normal?
No more, uh, weirdness?
Alex, are you understanding me?
Look, I think... I’m sorry, but I think Ren might be in trouble.
Why?
I just saw... it was like a premonition I think, and I know that sounds whatever but this must be what it’s like when people say they do that cause I kind of *saw* Ren *drowning*.
Okay, just take it easy for a second.
What happened?
That... like, if I say why, you’ll think I’m nuts, so... something just happened and I think he needs help.
It’s just... it’s just a feeling I have, like... I dunno, I just think he needs help right now.
Look, Alex…
You went all… red-eyed. Like... when we get possessed.
I… did?
You stopped walking, and started mumbling, and then your eyes lit up like little road flares.
It only lasted like a minute… but… we should hurry up and do this before the door on you opens any wider to them.
Uh oh. That’s not good.
I guess I’d been convincing myself I was immune because of my, uh, generally happy demeanor.
It only lasted like a minute… but… we should hurry up and do this before the door on you opens any wider to them.
I can’t let that matter right now. Ren... look, I just know he needs me.
I mean, me seeing him in trouble must mean he’s, like, actually in trouble, right?
Not really, I think it’s just an effect of the, uh, possession or something.
Like, look, when I went under, I “saw” - but not really - *you* on the beach with a battleship.
Which up until now you you’ve somehow miraculously avoided…
So it was a little, uh, unnerving to see...
And it sure *felt* real.
But it’s not like any of it was really happening.
So.
Is that really what you saw when you were possessed?
Yeah, and I’m sure when it happened to him, Ren saw his own weird stuff, too, so... I dunno, but I think he’s okay.
Let’s keep on to the station. We can talk to him from there, anyway.
I guess… maybe… maybe he’s okay.
Yeah.
Let’s keep on to the station. We can talk to him from there, anyway.
No, we should go back, see if he’s doing alright, I’d just... I’d feel better knowing that he’s not hurt or anything.
There’s not a lot of time left for... I mean, okay, it’s closer to just keep going to the station where we’ll be able to talk to him from there anyway.
But I’m *sure* he’s fine, so... let’s finish what we started.
But… the thing with Ren, it was *so* real, it was like it... I was *there*, with him.
Maybe we should go back?
Yeah, uh… let’s get this over with.
I just saw... it was like a premonition I think, and I know that sounds whatever but this must be what it’s like when people say they do that cause I kind of just *saw* Ren *drowning*.
W... What just happened? Did I black out or fall down or something?
Let’s keep on to the station. We can talk to them both from there, anyway.
No, we should go back, see if she’s doing alright, I’d just... I’d feel better knowing that she’s not hurt or anything.
The thing I don’t get is… what if everyone at their respective “stations” were on like a lunch break or something when the bombs started falling?
What would open the door then?
I don’t think you’re allowed to take “lunch breaks” if you’re on active “nuclear annihilation” watch duty... so it probably’d never come up.
Okay, I’m gonna... I’m just gonna say one thing and then I promise it’ll be the last time I bring it up tonight, but…
You know you screwed up with Ashley and the concert, right?
I mean, it’s not a *giant* thing.
But… still.
Huh? *I* didn’t screw up, how was I supposed to know her Mom was gonna call in the car *stolen*, I thought she had permission.
Gimme a break, even if you didn’t *know*, which, *c’mon*... even if you didn’t know *that*, you still knew you didn’t have permission to go to the concert.
Who’s Ash... oh, you mean, *Amanda*.
My *really good* friend, Amanda, who’s moving away *forever*, *that* Amanda?
Yeah, *that* Amanda, who stole her mom’s car.
And I don’t care if you didn’t know she didn’t have permission to take it, cause, whatever, *fine*... but you *knew* you didn’t have permission to go to that show.
What concert, it wasn’t... you can’t call it a *concert*, it was like an all-day, all-night, like, *festival* with tents and like a *hundred* bands.
I don’t care if it had a *million* bands, Alex, Ashley had *stolen* her Mom’s car to go!
And I know you say you didn’t know that, which, whatever, but… you *still* knew Mom and Dad had barred you from going!
Okay, and I *know* you don’t wanna hear this from me, but I’m the big brother and it’s my job…
And I *know* you say you didn’t know that she had stolen her mom’s car to go to the show, but…
That doesn’t change the fact that Mom and Dad had told you you couldn’t go.
Just tell me it’s the last time I hear about you stealing a car...
It’ll be the last time, but… maybe not for the reasons you think.
I don’t really care about the reasons, just, for my own sanity, don’t do it anymore.
Nope, not promising that. What’s the point in living if not to boost cars for an underworld criminal empire?
I guess I can’t answer that.
Seriously, Michael, it was *not* my fault.
And Hell, I mean, we woulda probably even gotten away with it if not for that *sobriety* checkpoint.
Yes, that is definitely the lesson to take from all this. “Down with drunk stops.”
However inadvertently.
My little heart can’t handle the excitement.
Oh, and, uh, just so you know… I took your advice about Clarissa.
I’m not… gonna see her anymore.
Oh, and I, uh, I wanted to tell you…. after our talk, I don’t think I’m gonna see Clarissa anymore.
Oh, and I wanted to say, um... *per your advice*, I’m gonna... I think I’m gonna really, um, like *commit* to Clarissa.
Oh, and I wanted to mention that… I know you to told me to just do what I wanted, and… I thought about it…
And I think I’m gonna really, uh, *commit* to Clarissa.
I don't know... I don’t know if it ever really felt right.
That sounds dumb like I’m “pinning” her or something.
But you... you know what I mean.
Oh. Sorry.
It’s okay. I think she’s great, but… maybe there wasn’t enough… something there.
Oh. Uh, how’s she taking it?
Better than I thought she would, honestly, but… I don’t know. I’m still waiting for the other shoe to drop.
Maybe… I dunno, maybe give it a shot. I mean, you guys must have dated to start for a reason, right?
No, I think it was the right call. And… like, even if I wanted her back, I think she’d… see me differently now.
It’s pretty well and broken.
But I dunno, that might just be me justifying it afterwards, ya know?
“Commit?” What does the Hell does that mean, you’re in *high school*.
I know, I know, I sound like I’m forty, but I’m just... I don’t wanna... it’s not gonna be “casual,” anymore, it’s gonna be a thing, a real thing.
That’s all, so… just get used to her, that’s all I’m saying.
Wow. Big man on campus! I don’t know why I said that. Big step, that’s what I mean, big step.
Ehh, it’s not that big of a deal. I’m just letting you know, so… I dunno, I don’t know why, I just wanted to tell you.
Maybe… uh… think about that… for like a little bit?
Oh my God, you sound like my guy friends. “Play the field!”
I like her, Alex, I like her a lot, I don’t want her to get away, so… get used to her.
C’mon, let’s get to the Sentry before the last boat comes.
I gotta get the, uh, the visual aid for the history project.
She’s depressed all the time, I really didn’t want this to make it worse.
[big sigh]
Okay, here we go.
Alright, visual aids for the history project. Check.
Now I just gotta write the stupid essay.
What history project? They still make you do, like, *work* with so little left in the year?
Unfortunately.
Ugh, Michael, c’mon, you’re graduating in like three months. Shouldn’t you be coasting?
Hey, I *am* coasting, this just happened to be slightly fun.
This is... it’s just like a town history thing for Civics, you know.
So it’s forced me to kinda… I dunno. And I mean, it’s funny, I dunno if I even wanna be here next year.
Really? Why leave? I mean, yeah it can suck sometimes, but it’s pretty much like everywhere else.
This is gonna sound weird, but… everybody knows me here.
Well… if you *leave*, I’d certainly miss you.
Yeah, I know, I’d miss you, too. It’s just that everybody here knows me, you know?
But everybody loved... everyone *loves* you here, you’re like... I mean, you should hear how the teachers talk about you!
I *know* how they talk about me. It’s like if I don’t become a billionaire president their life has been wasted.
It’s just all so… flat.
The same people, the same expressions.
I know you think I have it on easy street, but… people looking at you all the time, wanting *evidence* that it’s *good* that they lived here, that *good things* can happen to people that are from here...
It can get to be a real drag.
Like, how ‘bout somebody *else* be Captain of whatever for once.
Give me a rest.
Oh, get off it! I would *love* if people gave me the benefit of the doubt even *once*, but...
No. What do I hear? “Alex got the ‘weird genes’.”
Well, you did get Mom’s creepy ankles, so…
You were... *are* great, though. And… and you’re gonna be great, whatever you do. I’m... sure of it.
You got spunk, kid.
[laughs]
Just don’t put so much pressure on yourself, Michael.
Who cares what they think, you’re gonna... You’re gonna do what you’re gonna do.
I’m gonna do what I’m gonna do, yes I will.
Eh, whatever, I don’t mean to whine.
Let’s head back before Karen strands us here.
You know, when we saw Uncle Pete last month… I wanted to ask him, cause he... he “got out,” moving to New York.
And I asked him if it was hard? Leaving?
Know what he said?
Uh, it was hard?
I mean, knowing Uncle Peter he was probably three sheets to the wind…
Uh, it was easy?
Oh God, Michael, I have no idea.
He said… the hardest part was deciding what to take with him. And what to leave behind.
I thought it was… I dunno, for *him*...
Kind of almost touching.
Oh my, how profound! I can’t believe Uncle Pete’s a mere failed actor and not teaching Philosophy at Berkeley!
Oh shut up.
Well *I* coulda told you that!
When *we* moved from the upper west side I cried for *weeks* that I’d given away my Chunky Monkey doll to charity!
Yeah, biggest mistake of your life, I’m sure.
Huh. That’s actually… that’s not bad.
I cannot believe I had to go pick you up from the police station because of *grand theft auto*, I mean, that is too funny.
Oh, shut up!
Oh, stop it!
[laughing a little more]
[pleased sigh]
Yeah, yeah, whatever, man.
And then I just gotta write the stupid essay.
Uh, let’s head back before Karen strands us here.
Alex!
Shut up, shut... Ugh.
Stop it, stop... Ugh.
You got... you know, you went... *bad* again.
I saw... I saw Michael again. I just... I’m sorry, when I’m there, I just get sucked into it like… *nothing’s* happened.
God. Great, again.
I’m fine, let’s... we can go, let’s go.
C’mon, it’s alright. I think I can hear Ren and Nona down there.
I couldn’t get you out of it.
We should really... we should get this done, now.
Just don’t say anything to them, okay.
This is... it’s just like a *trial period*, like... buying a used car that I can already tell is missing *alot*.
What, I know, I’m cool.
So don’t get, like, overly excited.
I’m not excited, this is just... this is how I normally stand.
Alright, but seriously, just don’t say anything, okay.
I’m not, I won’t.
What’s there to even say.
This is... please, this is like nothing to me.
Okay.
Say anything about what? What are you guys talking about?
Hey! Secrets secrets are no fun unless you share with *everyone*! What is it, reveal yourselves!
Okay, you know, *sound* carries pretty well out here, you might as well be playing a *banjo*, but… whatever it is, we don’t care.
Hey guys. Good job on the, uh...
We’re dating, we’re dating, Nona and I, we’re gonna date.
Ren! Dude, *what* did I *just* say!
Maseltov on the happy couple!
Thank you!
No. Stop.
Really? Him? You? Is this like a cancer kid, last request sort of thing…
What?! No!
How... seriously, how can you even *think* about hooking up at a time like this.
We might not even be in control of our own *bodies* in like ten minutes.
Exactly! Gotta get it in under the wire.
No, it’s nice. I’m glad to know, it’s good.
It’s *one* date, at the revival theater.
We’re just gonna sit quietly, in the dark, and watch a documentary on Bosnian genocide.
Aww, how cute. The Riviera’s a great movie house.
And the ushers can’t tell where you’re putting your hands if you sit in Row G, by the way.
Please don’t tell him that.
Uh, cool. I’m guessing that this was Nona’s idea.
Hey, I gave him a choice. It was either this or volunteer at that animal shelter that only keeps frenzied possums.
Well, hey, on my first date with my ex I accidentally impaled her with a pool cue.
So… It’s nice when there’s nowhere to go but up.
Anyways, I… know it’s stupid to be… *planning* or whatever for this, but…
I dunno, I just feel like maybe it’s not… *that* insignificant… or whatever.
I dunno, I just felt like… he knew I was open to it, so… why wait to plan, whatever.
His sheer relentlessness for some dumbass reason worked for me, so... whatever.
I dunno, he’s been a nice change of pace from the usual humpers, so… I dunno, whatever.
I dunno, Alex, you kinda helped push me a little… and, so, you know, whatever.
Well, I’m taking full credit for this blossoming… something.
As well you probably should.
Okay, well, I’m happy for you but we still have the little issue of submarine ghosts to, uh, exorcise.
Yeah, *that* thing.
Good, I’m glad, this is... I mean, at the very least I’ll get to hear embarrassing stories, so.
“Whatever,” truly the language of love.
Shut up, you know what I mean.
Romantic.
Hey, one man’s depressant is another chick’s upper.
This will not be a upper.
What? They asked!
Right? You asked.
[angry sigh]
Wait, I have news.
Well, you *shouldn’t*, but… whatever.
No, I just always do the poster. I mean, you get the option, right?
The... there’s an option to make a *poster*?
Oh definitely. Whose class are you in?
Miss Underhill’s.
Ohhh, if you get... no, actually it’ll still work, even with her.
No way.
Yes way, it’ll work, trust me.
It’ll sound, like, ridiculous as you’re saying it, but, I can attest.
And it’s triply better than having to actually read the thing.
Oh my God.
Yeah, but the trick is you have to claim you’re a “kinesthetic learner.”
“I have to make something with my hands, professor, or,”...
Oh my God, that’s insane.
What are you talking about?
Oh, uh, end of semester Finals, AP English?
You can game the system and instead of writing a report, all you have to do is draw a poster of a fake book cover.
Is the Bomb Shelter open? Did it work? I hope it worked, please tell me it worked.
Oh, yeah, it sprung open.
But Ren, wait, seriously, in *AP* English, all you had to do was make a fake book cover *poster* at the end of the semester?
You guys, uh, doing okay?
Yeah, everything went fine.
Hey. Everything good?
Who... wh... *that’s* what you’re talking about right now? How to cheat in *AP English*?
Yeah. What else would we be talking about?
[laughing]
Yeah, I think you can worry about that *after* we’re off the island, Ren.
No, I need to worry about it now.
Why?
Cause I left my book on the ferry.
Yeah well I’m a real nutcase.
That’s… that’s pretty, that’s good. You got moxy. I’ll have to do that next year.
Well, I dunno. I kinda maybe ruined it for the rest of you since I used that excuse in like five classes already.
Yeah, it’s... we’re fine.
Yeah, *that’s* what we’re talking about, it’s the end of the damn world and I wanna chat about something *normal* for our last few breaths.
Okay, okay.
I don’t even know what to say.
[sigh]
Custer’s last stand style.
That Contessa who farted on her death bed, just like who cares.
Let’s do it, screw it.
Uh, so, if this thing doesn’t bend right, this might be, like, the last time any of us are… *us*, so… I don’t know.
It’s been… fun.
In a really, really, *really* strange way… I guess it has.
Let's just say... “It’s been nice knowing you.”
It’s been nice knowing you.
Hey, everybody, we’re not dead yet. So let’s not act like it.
Yeah.
Let’s just say, “We’ll see you later.”
See you later.
It’s been nice knowing you.
It’s been nice knowing you.
C’mon, let’s take a picture, really quick.
Ren, no...
Just, really quick.
Oh my God, *why*? We don’t have to document every single particle of our experience!
That’s very true, but this isn’t a normal particle, and… if something crazy happens I want my parents to be able to see my last moments, alright?
*Really*? Now? Right before…. who knows what?
Yes, really. Now. Right before “who knows what,” we’re all gonna take one last photo of the *real* us.
Yeah, let’s do it. We’re on a beach… kind of. Let’s keep a shred of normal, here.
Alright, let’s take it.
Alex, get in here.
You’re not getting out of it.
I don’t care if you think your hair looks pointy.
C’mon, one last shot.
Alex, really, you’re in this with us.
Before you, uh, go... we should.... like, just in case our families...
What are you talking about.
We should take a picture.
I... I wanna get this off my chest, just… something happened to us tonight, Alex, something… broke.
I don’t know if it was the ghosts or whatever but… you have been acting, like, *not* you.
I get what he’s saying. Let’s do it. Really quick.
I wanna do it. Okay? We’ll do it quick.
Fine, whatever.
Really. A picture.
I *know*, but… we just don’t know what’s gonna happen.
Ren…
No, I just... I don’t know.
Ren, are you... *this* is what you wanna tell me before we go in there?
I know, I’m sorry, it’s just been...- it’s just been a crappy night, I don’t even know what I’m saying.
Well… I’m… sorry. I don’t... I don’t know what else to say, really.
I’m sorry, I don’t know why I’m even saying this right now.
Well, I tried, I mean… I don’t know what else I could’ve done, man, this night has been… awful, non-stop, it was a lot to juggle.
I know, I don’t... I don’t know why I’m even saying this now, I’m sorry.
This is stupid, but… can we, like, take a picture?
Why?
I dunno, in case things go bad and…
Somebody finds it or... or something…
We’re running out of time as it is, Nona, can’t we do a photo-op if we all, like, survive?
No, c’mon, let’s do it. It’ll just take a minute.
Yeah, before who knows what, that’s... that’s like why I wanna do it, I think.
C’mon, let’s do it.
Just make it quick.
Yeah.
Alex, c’mon.
Okay, I guess, let’s do this.
Hey, if I’m not getting out of this, *you’re* not getting out of this.
Ren, are you... *this* is what you wanna...
Uh. Sure.
I wanna take a picture, seriously.
This is important, just... just you’ve been completely… like I can’t even remember why we started hanging out.
I just don’t know what’s happened.
Alex, man... that was like... *evil*.
Yeah, *first* you kill your own brother, and now you *bump off* Clarissa because ... what ... she doesn't sit with you at *lunch*?!
Hey, slow...
Shut up! Shut up when I’m talking, *I’m* talking now!
Hey, I’m not a...
I’m... I’m sorry, okay, I didn’t...
*Know* that you are still going into that Bomb Shelter and you are still going to use your dumb little radio and you are *still* gonna do whatever you have to do to *bring Clarissa back*, okay?
You dye your hair because you pretend to be sad.
But then you act all high and mighty even though you're *worse* than *anyone*...
You might have *thought* you found some *shortcut* here…
But you *didn’t*.
I don’t know why this has to be said!
I know, I know, I know, I didn’t... I wasn’t thinking clearly, I’m... I’m sorry, I’ll fix this, I’ll get her back.
Yeah, I know you are.
Guys, we can just leave, we can *totally* leave, that... that’s what this is all about! We’re saved.
Jesus.
We’re not leaving. None of us.. are leaving.
Yeah, Alex, this is… we have to get Clarissa back.
I did it for you, alright! Do you really think I’d throw Clarissa down to the pits of Hell if I didn’t think it would save the *rest* of us!
If… If I *have* to, if it’ll make everybody get off my *back*.
*Oh my God*, are you...
It’s okay, it’s fine, she agreed, we’re doing it.
[annoyed grumble]
Okay, we’ll... okay.
No, you’re gonna listen to me, *first*.
Really? You're not gonna need, like...
Yeah, you’re not gonna need help?
Alright.
We are?
Wait, we’re not… going with you…?
It’s gonna be morning soon, there’s gonna be boats, and… if we screw up, maybe there’ll still be a chance for you guys to get picked up.
We’ll be back.
Oh, I know.
Oof, okay, I... alright.
I’m coming with you, you know.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, there’s no point in all of us crawling into the lion’s den.
Alright.
That… *might* not matter. If we get, like, *switched*...
They call it “last ditch,” for a reason. It’s because there’s nothing left.
So, c’mon.
Maybe they should come. I mean, we don’t know what’s gonna happen down there.
Exactly. We don’t know what’s gonna happen, and in case everything gets screwed up royally, this way, we have a, uh, eleventh hour hail mary.
We’ll be fine. And if we’re *not* fine, wave over a boat. And if you don’t see a boat, swim.
Good luck, Godspeed, fare thee well, break a leg, and, uh, just... lemme know how it goes.
I have a feeling like you’ll know.
Will do!
Nona.
Yeah?
Uh… hold me to that... that dinner I owe you, okay?
Uh. O... okay.
Oh, *c’mon!*
I knew it! I knew it all along that you had a little... you know, a little woo woo for her, I knew it.
It’s dinner, one dinner, calm down.
Yeah, dinner, that’s all. So my stomach can stop strangling my heart now.
Yes. So.
You could’ve, I dunno, waited until someone wasn’t standing right here, you know…
Yeah. *Someone*.
Aw. How cute. Send me a postcard from the restaurant.
On your first friggin’ day you gotta swoop in and take the *one* girl who played bagpipes in the talent show!?
Once we’re in there, the door won’t open again since the system’s so convoluted, so… make sure you’re ready to finish this before we go inside.
Once we’re in there, the door won’t open again since the system’s so convoluted, so… make sure you’re ready to finish this before we go inside.
Just go, okay.
Is the... can you, like... I wanna just do this.
Okay, we’ve blabbed enough, let’s get in there.
Guys? Guys!
Oh my God, Jonas. They’re... this is *wrong*, it’s like... they’re really gonna do it.
Let’s go, let’s... maybe there’s still time.
Maybe there’s still time, let’s just do this thing now.
I know, but... but what about the Adler notes? Don’t those... won’t those help?
I don’t know how they would, but… if you wanna get those, uh, we should hurry.
God, this is... we have try the cave thing, like, now.
Know what time it is?
It’s four in the morning.
Why? Starting to get sleepy?
Doesn’t your phone just have a clock?
Which is usually about the time everyone decides if they’re going to bed or ordering another three pizzas.
Yeah? What’s your vote, usually?
Usually, I’m asleep at eleven with my hand half dunked in the chip bowl.
Never leave pizza on the table.
It’s like getting eleven in blackjack, just double down, don’t even think about it.
See, me? I’d usually convince everyone to stay up… and then fall asleep pretty much immediately after.
But they’d get me back. You know.
I’d check mine but ever since we’ve been jumping in and out of *loops* or whatever we’re calling them, it’s been acting just, uh…. weird.
“French fries with ice cream,” *good*-weird or like, “Five nuts in one peanut,” kinda *scary*-weird...
Um, somewhere in-between?
It’s no big deal, it’s just acting like I dropped it or something.
Are you feeling okay? Sleepy?
I’m starting to feel it, yeah, but… I don’t know how much of it is the adrenaline wearing off or the body switching thing…
I’m tired, too. Typically if I’m up this late it meant I slept through half the school day or something.
Well, buck up. Once we open the door, go into the cave, tune into the thing… this long gross ordeal will be over.
C’mon, just a little more adventure, I know you got it in ya.
I think I’m at surplus levels at this point.
You think this tuning into the tear thing is gonna work?
Yes. Undoubtedly, without doubt… absolutely. It’s gonna work.
Well I’m glad you’re confident. Cause I… just have this feeling like... these ghosts aren’t really concerned.
It really doesn’t matter if I think it’s gonna work. It’s sort of all we have and we’re running out of time.
It *is* all we have, yeah, I just... I just wish I felt like the ghosts were… concerned… that their plan won’t work.
To be fair here, I really only understood like… six, uh, twelfths of this whole… scheme, so…
Six twelfths, well… that’s better than me.
I just kinda wish that I felt like the ghosts were just... a *little* concerned that their plan won’t work…
I just kinda wish that I felt like the ghosts were… just a *little* concerned that their plan won’t work…
Yeah, well you know who else was confident? *Hitler*.
And look how he ended up. Dead, with syphilis.
Uh, true.
Jonas, they should be concerned, they should be... *scared*. And that’s on them if they’re not.
Alright, good to hear.
Jonas, don’t worry about that. We don’t know what they’re thinking apart from the… “I wanna live in you,” thing.
I’ll try not to worry.
But maybe that’s just me.
In, uh, that situation.
It won’t really give me the right time.
Or, like, work really at all.
That might be doing a number on me.
Who knows.
Really?
I just feel like they’re… pretty confident..
Like they know by sunrise they’re all gonna be shopping for school supplies.
Jonas, we keep... I know you can’t tell, but we keep time jumping, it’s getting… it’s just not good, that’s all.
[big sigh] Okay, well… let’s hurry up, then, try and do this and… get out of here.
Huh, it’s locked again.
Maybe it only unlocks from the other side? I guess it doesn’t matter, there’s another way in.
I have an idea, Mr. Jordan…
Jonas!
Oh no, c’mon, Jonas, don’t turn freaky now.
What? Who are you talking about?
Okay, okay, okay, I’m... Jesus Christ, I really hate that.
Couldn’t we have him reborn?
But I’m… I think it’s…
I think it’s like reset.
But, uh… I’m… sorry I went a bit off there again.
It’s like impossible to control when they want to post up shop.
It’s *super*, just, *annoying*.
Are you… okay now? Really?
Yeah, I, uh, think. It’s just…
It’s getting worse, Jonas.
The sun’s coming up soon, I think we’re running out of time.
Yeah, um...
What does it… like, what does it *feel* like… when that happens?
I just... you just forget stuff, really. Like... what you're supposed to be doing, or...
I usually forget my Dad’s name, to start.
But, uh, yeah it just feels like you’re forgetting everything you know, really.
But you, like, see stuff, right? Like, when I saw Michael on the beach and you...
Yeah, I see stuff, but it’s like, I dunno... they’re like dreams, they just *dissolve* when I’m back.
And then it snowballs into not remembering how to walk or talk.
And then you pass out.
One little… memory at a time.
Well that is… quite weird.
Look, it’s *scary*, needless to say, when I, like, *drown* or whatever in my own body, and… it’s starting to feel like… just...
Like, how do I say this…
Cause I don’t wanna...
This isn’t a big, like, *thing*.
It’s okay, Jonas, just say what’s on your brain.
I just wanna say...
I just, I... I think it would’ve been cool us living together, for… for whatever, senior year.
You got… some kind of a streak in you, and, I, uh, I just think I would’ve liked us living together, for… for whatever, senior year.
I just, I... I think it would’ve been, uh, interesting us living together, for… for whatever, senior year.
And I’m just… glad I met you, that’s all.
So, yeah, I only wanted to say before anything else happens that… I’m just glad we met.
I’m just glad we met.
So… that’s all.
Awwwww, Jonas. You big sap.
Okay, alright, that was it, that's all, nothing to see here.
I’m... glad, too, okay? So there, it’s out in the open, we’re both glad.
Okay, good, that’s it.
Well… c’mon, of course you are, Jonas. I’m, like, thoroughly awesome.
Yeah, right.
And now we can go back to the whole escaping and trying to live another day thing.
And we’re gonna be *fine*, by the way, there’s no... you don’t have to put it like, “It *would’ve been* whatever to live together.”
We *are* gonna live together, and you’re someday soon gonna eat all the peanut butter, and when I go to make a sandwich, I’m gonna be mad.
Alright.
Yes. Let’s finish strong now, no half-assedness at the end.
Okay, I have a time limit for rambling nonsense, so let’s pick it up a bit.
My, uh… my grandmother outlived my grandfather by a few months, and, uh, when it was the hardest on her, you know, she said it was like living always just before dawn.
When everyone’s asleep and you feel totally by yourself and… it’s just you and your… regrets.
I just… we should *not* do… the Clarissa “plan.”
It’s… too late, Jonas, even… even *if* I thought I’d made a mistake, it’s... it’s too late now, I’ve “committed,” alright?
It’s not too late, Alex. It’s not too late until it’s too late, and… she’s still out there.
Think about it.
We can get her back. We can... we should get her back, it was just a... I made a rash decision and it’s not morning yet and... we can get her back.
Good. Yeah… good. We have to.
It’s for the best, Jonas, alright? You don’t know... *we* don’t know what would’ve happened otherwise.
We can just go to the boat and go *home* now.
Alex… just… just think about it.
Alex… just… just think about it.
She called ‘em, “concerns.”
But that’s what she meant. Regrets.
Yeah, when, uh, everything happened with Michael it was… yeah, I know the feeling.
I was always more of a night owl... If I see the sunrise I must have done something fun to deserve it, right?
I’m not... that’s not the point of…
It’s not a good idea.
It’s not good at all.
This isn't like a big thing... but...
Jonas, why are you telling me this.
Ugh… whoa… I don’t feel… this is weird, my legs feel like butter or something.
Uh, yeah, we’ll... [sigh] let’s just get through.
Ugh, why... why is *this* all wrong, now?
Yeah, I don’t, uh, feel great, but… it’s… [sigh] we’ll make it through.
Ugh, what is that?
Can anyone hear me? Anybody?
Clarissa?
Damn it, is... is this thing working? If anybody can hear me, I'm at Fort Milner, in the, uh... I think... crap, I think in the *gym* or something…
Is anyone out there? I don't know how to... I can't find an open...
I was worried honestly that she, uh, might have left.
She got the radio working, at least.
Ugh, call *out*, stupid, don’t just broadcast it to the people trapped here.
Guys? Alex? Alex, if you can hear this, can you...
Well, she’s around here somewhere.
I was worried honestly that she, uh, might have left.
She sounded... weird. Like not just staticky weird.
It could be the system or the, uh, whatever, just the equipment making her sound… deformed.
You don't know what you're talking about do you.
Not at all.
Or I guess maybe she’s just scared. Like why would she be asking for *me* of all people unless she was in trouble?
Look, I think we can *all* be included in whatever definition of *trouble* there is, so...
She sounded sorta scared… like, in dire straits, actual trouble right now scared?
She *is* so annoying, God.
Even when like… even when like the *craziest* crap is swirling around like a friggin’ poop tempest she still finds a way to be annoying.
That’s a... it’s a skill, at least.
Wellll since we’re kind of already *here*, and... she does have a working radio… might as well find Clarissa first, I guess.
What if they just *said* it was decommissioned…
And, there’s, like… still people, like, in there… doing stuff.
Like, what if there’s some… uh, experimental, uh… *program* or something.
And we’ve been catching like little… slivers of it.
But really what if this is like an Area 51 and they’re doing secret stuff here.
It would at least *kind of* explain what’s going on, right?
It would at least *kind of* explain what’s going on, right?
Clarissa!
Where are you!
What the Hell?
What the Hell?
This is... I mean...
Well, she’s around here somewhere.
You know… we should still help Ren. I know, like, we’re *here* or whatever but… we should maybe stick to the original plan still.
Hey, doesn’t matter to me, we’re gonna have to find everybody at some point.
You know what, we’re… here, we should just, like, *collect* her first. Ren can wait and he’s all the way on the other side of the island.
Let’s just ignore the question, and...
Thank the weird radio men for the door.
Ren said something about… Fort Milner being decommissioned, right?
But… and hear me out… What if it isn’t?
Nope. Decommissioned since 1974.
They didn’t have any use for a billion dollar defender of *Willamette Valley*. Go figure.
Yeah, but what if they just *said* it’d been decommissioned since 1974.
What are you even talking about right now.
I *think* if they had alien autopsies or... whatever you’re suggesting is happening in there we’d have been taken out by snipers about fifty paces back.
Maybe. But listen, like, what if…
Just what if all the stuff that’s happened to us, the stuff we’ve been seeing, is like… the direct result of like some government *secret project*...
No *way*, Jonas, c’mon. Conspiracies are comforting because, they… they explain what can’t be explained.
Well there *is* an explanation. I mean, no matter how ridiculous, there *is* one.
Whatever.
And it’s not that.
Sure. I mean, I’m… kind of in no place to toss aside *any* reason for what’s been going on, so. Yeah, it’s the government, let’s go with that.
It’s just my going premise right *now*, so… keep a tally.
It’s just my going premise right now, so...
*Secret project?* Like what, they finally harnessed the power of...
Mind control? Yeah, mind control, they’ve, uh, they’ve made a mind control machine and, uh…
And we’ve all been suffering like a collective mirage.
That’s not that far-fetched.
Or uh… something.
But yeah, what about... the project is like a telepathy ray…
It’s been *real*, Jonas. Everything. This hasn’t been a delusion.
Yeah. Well… we’ll see, I guess, won’t we.
Yeah, that would be great wouldn’t it? If none of this has happened, it’s just been some kind of fever dream from an experimental Acid Trip Bomb.
I don’t know about “great,”, but… it’d be nice to know.
Yeah, I’m not buying this theory, sorry.
Okay, well, I can’t promise I won’t gloat when we stumble upon the laboratory.
You can gloat, it’s okay, you’ll have earned it.
I’m gonna take your silence as *stunned* silence and tacit agreement. Just so you know.
But really what if this is like an Area 51 and they’re doing secret stuff here.
Clarissa!
Clarissa!
Oh, forget it.
That won’t help.
Wait.
Yeah. Yeah, I guess not.
Oh, when I start calling out, then forget it.
Okay, your voice is a little annoying when you yell but that’s not why I said forget it.
Oh, aren’t you scared about the *Illuminati* or whatever having their secret government meeting about their secret army of Frankensteins.
Yes, a little, but… the faster we find her, the faster we can leave.
Dinner time! It's never too late to make dessert! Not anymore...
What the Hell is this?
Is this like Clarissa screwing with us or something because… this is really not cool.
I don’t think that’s Clarissa. Not that I wouldn’t put it past her to ever do something like this, but...
Do you want to play a game?
Alright, I know the answer’s “No,” but… we kinda *do* have to find Clarissa, so.
Wait, seriously? Doors that open themselves have been, like, a really bad thing in my experience.
Oh really? Even automatic doors like in supermarkets?
I got my elbow pinched in one of those one time so yes even those.
And I’m sure it was traumatizing but we gotta go anyway, sorry.
I guess…
I rest my case.
Sure.
“Photography prohibited.”
That is a very... *serious* sign. “Restricted.” “Keep Out.”
They’re not messing around.
Does the... the fine print says something about being *shot*?
Yeah, that sign’s old. Like, back when we were fighting *Nazi’s* old.
Still. It’s a little disconcerting...
Eh, nobody cares anymore. There isn’t a guard or anything, it’s just a bunch of empty warehouses.
You’ve been inside?
Like, you’ve done this before?
Eh, don’t worry about it. Kids do this all the time. The worst that happens is you snag yourself on a nail or something and have to go get a tetanus shot.
Uh, not me, personally, but... a bunch of others have snuck in. It’s no big deal.
I guess I should say I’ve heard that nobody really cares. I haven’t been here myself.
“Yes, I’ve done this *many* times, Jonas. You’re perfectly safe.” “Thank you, Alex.”
Ahh!
You’re like a bird magnet.
[deeply disgruntled sigh]
Oh, c’mon! Twice?!
I’m gonna‐‐ just‐‐ flip out on somebody.
Well let it be Clarissa when we find her.
I’m gonna‐‐ just‐‐ flip out on somebody.
“Do not enter without permission of the Installation Commander.”
Whatever you say, sign.
See that sign?
They were originally gonna make this whole place into a museum... but quit halfway through.
It doesn’t look very, uh, *safe*, so... I can understand why.
Spooky.
Yeah.
You ever fired a gun?
No. Never really wanted to, either.
Yeah, me neither. My grandfather had a, uh, a snub‐nosed Centennial? Even small, they’re heavy. I never liked it.
Why not? Isn’t that like a guy thing? Cowboys and gangsters?
I can’t ride a horse and banks make me nervous. I like football. I think that’s enough.
I dunno. If you ever get the chance... it’s pretty fun. It’s like a toy that can kill.
Uh, great.
It’s like‐‐ it’s not locked, there’s like something blocking it.
Clarissa!
She wouldn’t’ve barricaded herself inside, right? I mean, what do you think?
Keep looking?
Maybe? I don’t know. If she was panicky enough, she might’ve.
Well, I guess there has to be a way through somehow.
I think I hate her.
And to think, you chose her over Ren!
Hey, we already did Ren. That’s like eating your cake and saving your broccoli.
Yeah, I’m an idiot, alright, what do you want from me.
She has a walkie talkie!
I know, I know.
Yeah, I’m an idiot, alright, what do you want from me.
I think... we should keep looking.
You are probably right.
Let’s just keep checking. Maybe the radio will pick up something.
I think she’s here.
Really? I mean... the door could be blocked by anything, it... it could have been blocked before she even got here.
Right?
I don’t know.
I just... I dunno, I just have a hunch about this one. The rest are too...
I just... I just have a hunch about this one.
Oh you mean the *only* door we’ve checked, alright.
Gross.
For Clarissa, I mean.
Like, I dunno... too locked, if... that makes sense.
It doesn’t, but..
Okay. Let’s find a way in, I guess.
I’m tired of looking. C’mon, this building’s good as any.
But we can’t get in.
There has to be another way, there’s always another way. There’s a will, there’s a way.
Oh God.
That’s not the spirit that beat the Germans!
Oh God.
Maybe you’re right. Let’s keep going door to door. Not unlike Bible salesmen.
And, I mean, we got the radio, too, maybe we’ll pick up her signal again.
Let’s just keep checking. Maybe the radio will pick up something.
The light’s, uh, on…. gotta mean something, right?
Something good?
Oh wait, Clarissa still needs our help. We should find her at least before we head back out.
Alex, no, we can’t... we gotta find Clarissa first. She has a radio, remember?
That light... for some reason it reminds me of the cave...
Huh?
At least we know that Clarissa’s still here.
No, it really isn’t.
Hey! Whaddyaknow! She *is* in that building!
Yeah, like I *said*.
Alright, don’t walk angry, now.
And bingo was his namo.
Hey, we know where she is now she’s doing something right.
True.
Okay. Well. Moving on.
Uh. Yes. Let’s.
This is so completely nuts.
Oh, no no no no.
Ugh, no, no no, c’mon, don’t be locked.
Don’t be locked. C’mon.
Ugh. Really?
Yes. Really.
Well... we didn’t really... need to go back anyway. Right?
Unless there’s no way out, then yes, we might’ve.
Well... Clarissa got in through some other door, so... we should be fine. Hypothetically speaking...
I... really hope that Clarissa is in here, Alex. I really, really hope so...
C’mon, she‐‐ she has to be, where else could she have gone.
Like, *any* of the other buildings.
Well, I mean... when you say it like that.
Well, good news, Jonas, there weren’t really any. Other than this it’s just cliff and brick.
Yeah. I hope so, too.
So… Clarissa… dated Michael?
Is that right?
But seriously, Clarissa dated Michael?
Is that right?
How does that even happen?
Like dated dated?
Hey, it was *his* life, you know, not mine. He could do what he wanted. I didn’t mean to put it like...
Yeah, yeah, I got it.
It really wasn’t... I mean, yeah, it was like for a few months, but… you know, that’s nine weeks in the scheme of things. I’ve had rashes that lasted longer.
Yes. Quite annoyingly.
It’s just funny, you know… I mean, not *funny* funny, but… I don’t know.
I mean, was he the type of the guy that would *go* for that… like, sort of thing…?
I’m just trying to, uh, I’m trying to picture it.
But, really, was Michael the type of guy that would go for someone like Clarissa?
No! Not at all! I mean, he’d... he was always so *busy* with school and... like, he was like always dating *somebody* but, it...it would never last long. \n
Okay.
What “sort of thing?” What do you mean?
You know, like… intense, I guess, is the word I’m trying to find.
Well, you know, you’d have to ask him what he was into, I guess.
I mean, just from what I’ve heard of him… like that one story about the cops just straight buyin’ him a beer?
Just what would a guy like that see in her?
Like, at least at the start.
There must have been something. Right?
Right?
Other than, I guess, the obvious.
But what do you think Mike saw in Clarissa, really?
It’s not a trick question, Jonas, she’s been the Homecoming Queen every year since she grew boobs... and he’d been the Captain of every sports team he’d ever played on.
It was practically an arranged marriage.
Huh. Okay.
Look, Jonas, girls go for assholes and guys go for psychos for the same stupid reason: they’re interesting… for a while.
But that crap gets old *fast*.
Huh. Okay.
You know, Jonas, frankly, I don’t really know, and I don’t really care, so.
Alright, hey, it’s old news, I get that.
But maybe you just can’t see her that way.
What’s your type? Blonde, right? Nose ring?
No no. Tall. Brunette. Maybe a big hat. Red raincoat... lots of mystique...
...been around the world…
Somebody like that.
You’re describing Carmen Sandiego…
Oh yeah... you know, that kind of explains a lot.
Are you, like, *into* her?
I just assume every guy wants to hump everything.
We *do* but we need, like, a minute to *breathe*.
Okay! I’m sorry! Innocent until proven, I guess we’ll see.
Yes. We will.
I’m not gonna creep on your girlfriends, don’t worry.
Not at all!
Too bitter.
No!
Okay. But you can tell me if you are, that’s what step-siblings are for, storing embarrassing secrets.
I’m not, but thanks for offering to be my Shame Vault.
Alright. I guess I’ll believe you. For now.
Alright. I guess I’ll believe you. For now.
You can go ahead and believe me for always on this one.
Look, it really wasn’t a big deal. That’s all.
I believe you, I believe you.
But about Mike...
But, really, was Michael the type of guy that would go for someone like Clarissa?
It’s just, uh, interesting, I guess, to me.
*Why* do you keep asking if I *like* everybody!
Speaking of which, she dated... Michael?
Coulda guessed that would happen…
Hey, did I... did you see that? In the, uh, the mirror.
Uh, don’t think I’m nuts or anything, but… my reflection kind of gave me like fatherly advice that made *absolutely* no sense when you were stuck just now, so…
No, I missed it, what happened?
The… it was like our reflections… I don’t know. It wasn’t normal.
Oh God, don’t start bugging out on me, please.
I’m not bugging out on you, I’m not a bug, something happened in the mirror, our reflections weren’t… *right* for a second.
I’m gonna take a picture, see if the flash will, uh, make something happen.
I guess… I dunno, it’s not happening anymore.
Okay. Make it *snappy*. Get it.
I’m choosing not to get it.
Okay, just don’t be, like, stupid now. I just don’t want anything to happen because you decided to play around.
I’m not “playing,” I just want to... I just want to try this real quick.
It seems alright now, I don’t know. Maybe it wasn’t anything.
Yeah, I’m not sure about that...
The reflection…
It was… weird.
Why are my settings in the...
Okay, here we go.
Seriously?
It’s... it’s not locked, it’s just *stuck*, I think.
Oh, well then. Pardon me.
This’ll be fun watching you flail and fumble about.
Jonas, really, you can’t pick this one, it’s just like jammed.
Just… give me a…
Is it… loosening? At all?
Uh, I think, just... give me a…
Whoah!
Jonas, what happened! Are you alright?!
Jonas, *why* do you always run off first! It’s not a race!
Hello? Are you... look, is someone there?
Jonas?! If you’re still there, this would be a great time to say something!
When the time comes, let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Don’t let Jonas talk to his Mom, it’s not good for him.
When Jonas gets on your, uh, case about his Mom… just do you what you feel is best, alright?
His Mom’s dead, I *know* his Mom’s dead, what does...
What *is* this, what does this... what does this *mean*, who are you?
Hey, that’s... Clarissa!
Clarissa! Hold up!
Don’t just leave me here, Jonas! Wait!
It’s us, don’t...
Wait!
Hello? Are you... look, is someone there?
Jonas?! If you’re still there, this would be a great time to say something!
How... how is this possible? What’s going on?
His Mom’s dead, I *know* his Mom’s dead, what does...
How... how is this possible? What’s going on?
Something, like, totally *schizo* just happened out here. Like, I’m... I’m either padded room crazy or...
How are you... how are you doing this? Did you die? Are you dead?
It’s a… a Relay Room or something, there’s switches in here and one of them hooks to the loudspeakers.
Okay, none of that explains why you just *ran* in there to...
Alright, this is interesting, but can you, like, just come out now?
Oh... come on!
I can’t... I can like *barely* hear you, but… whatever, look… Clarissa’s not in here, and it’s just a... a *room* so, like, riddle me that and there’s like a super weird lock in here...
Uh, yeah. Hold on, I’ll check.
Yeah, yeah, so… I take it you’re trapped, right? That’s why not you’re not just walking back out?
There’s just a really weird lock here. Does anything out there explain what this is?
It’s… buzzing and… warm.
So, it’s on, at least…
And I’m pretty sure it’s what’s keeping the door from opening.
Uh, yeah. Hold on, I’ll check.
The door opened like a second ago, can’t you... are you sure you’re just not turning the knob the right way or…
Just put your back into it. Be a man here, Jonas, we got stuff to do.
Alright, you don’t have to get snippy.
Okay, alright, I’ll look, I’ll look.
Thank you.
So, I’ll just sit in here and assume that’s what you’re doing.
Testing, testing, oh, okay...
I can’t... I can’t hear anything outside at all but luckily this radio thing is working… look, whatever...
Clarissa’s not in here, and it’s just a... a *room* so, like, riddle me that first of all, and second of all I can’t get out.
There’s a super weird lock that I can’t figure, so… just… try and do what you can? Okay?
I can't hear anything outside at all, but... there's just a really weird lock here. Does anything outside explain what this is?
Okay… what just happened?
Cause that…
That sucked.
It’s a... I guess a one way lock?
Uh… Clarissa ran in there, disappeared into the walls, and...
Are you okay? A little shaken up?
Well, we blew past nap time a while ago, but… yeah, I’m actually better than fine.
Radio locks… the technology here’s always been… it’s like primitive *and* from the future.
Yeah, no, it’s… something.
Yeah, I’m never one to hate stuff. But I hated all of that.
I wish just *one thing* would work here like *anything* works out in the real world.
Clarissa’s not in there, but she’s here still somewhere.
Not getting past here.
Uh, no, doesn’t look like it.
Can you imagine sleeping here?
I’m trying not to. But why would the construction guys leave the bed frames?
Seems kind of… I don’t know… kind of morbid.
Yeah, it’s… it’s just strange to see it like this.
If they would have ever finished the museum, it would’ve been for show. It would have felt more authentic or whatever, but… it doesn’t matter now.
Let’s just find that girl and get out of here.
Three… Four… Eighteen…
And… voila.
What was that.
It was… in the doorway for a second.
Did you see it?
What?
Maybe… maybe it wasn’t anything.
Uhhhh…. you tell me.
I… don’t… know.
Okay, just making sure.
I’m just gonna pretend it didn’t happen, so…
Let’s just carry on.
It’s got a padlock.
You can’t pick this one, can you?
Noooo… we’d need like bolt cutters or something.
Yeah, I don’t know if we’ll find that around here, though.
Or the code…
Not gonna budge without the code.
I think we, uh, need the code.
While I admire your persistence, unless we have the code, we can’t get in.
Stuff like this‐‐ I always thought it was pretty. Kinda like‐‐ I dunno, kind of like the building’s being *reclaimed* by the trees and the soot and the soil... you know?
Well right now it just looks like scary tentacles, so.
In the daytime, this is pretty much skater mecca.
I can tell.
Jonas! Can you hear me!
Jonas, lemme in! I’m not in the mood!
Jonas! Are you okay in there?
Jonas, lemme in! I’m not in the mood!
Jonas! Are you okay in there?
Is this what you were talking to me on?
Yep. Old girl did the trick.
Do you think maybe, uh, Clarissa was using this before?
You know, to call us and everything?
I guess there might be another comm room or something.
It was locked, remember? How could she have gotten in?
Same way I did. But… then I don’t really know how she could’ve gotten out.
Yeah, lines up, I guess. But she’s still been transmitting so she must still be in here somewhere.
Here’s a list of… huh, they called codes, “cookies.” Is that slang or something?
Yeah, no, I can see you jiggling, it’s... not gonna work.
Alright, well, I’m gonna take a nap! Have fun in there!
Are there any vines in your room? What do they look like? Are they viney?
I wonder why none of the graffiti kids ever got trapped in a room... really makes you think, huh.
If you hear me jiggling a door handle, I’m not trying to leave, I promise!
Yeah, no, I can see you jiggling, it’s... not gonna work.
“Radio Locks.” That’s… okay, that’s weird.
Radio locks… the technology here’s always been… it’s like primitive *and* from the future.
Yeah, no, it’s… something.
Oh, here’s the code for the... for the padlock. Three, four, eighteen.
It’s on a list of… huh, they called codes, “cookies.” Is that slang or something?
I dunno... but we got the combo, so, great.
Here’s a padlock code. Three, four, eighteen.
She must be close by if we can get a signal here. This has to be the right way.
Of course it is…
Ow. I’m okay.
You know, I thought it was dark out there, but man, when you’re trapped in a broom closet, it gets a *lot* darker.
You know, I’ve never wanted to be a DJ, and this isn't really enticing me to start.
But they have to get up at like 3 AM, right, those guys? The talk radio guys? To start at like *five.*
I’ll be the late night, like the... the *late night* *dance* DJ guy.
*Okay*, well, whenever you’re ready to… tell me how to get out of here, just… yell… it.
Thank you.
Ow. I’m okay.
You know, I thought it was dark out *there*, but lemme tell ya when you’re trapped in a *broom closet* it gets a lot darker.
You know, I’ve never wanted to be a DJ...
And this isn’t really enticing me to start, but… I can sorta see the appeal now, you know?
But I’d be a horrible talk radio guy. Like, just giving opinions? I wouldn’t know what to say, really.
And I wouldn’t want to do it anyway, it’d be like a slow, horrible death by anxiety or something, talking to all those listeners.
And they have to get up at like 3 AM, right, those guys? The talk radio guys? To start at like *five.*
I’d be... I’ll be like the late night, like the... the *late night* old rock guy.
The guy they keep on the books to like... to point at for credibility.
*Okay*, well, whenever you’re ready to… tell me how to get out of here, just… yell… it.
Thank you.
“Hey, we don’t just play the pop crap, we got the mummy on from midnight to two, and he sometimes plays Badfinger so what’s your problem?”
And, I mean, you saw Clarissa, too, right?
Like, that wasn’t just me. Cause there’s... there’s *nothing* in here, there’s no way she could’ve... like, there’s no *back*.
Ugh.
Wait, was that Clarissa?
Clarissa!
What are you doing?
I... don’t think so.
No, I think it was her.
Whatever, I’ll give her the benefit of the doubt and say she didn’t see us.
Maybe? I couldn’t tell. They used to have a lot of squatters here, so... I don’t know.
What’s she thinking? That we’re just gonna chase her through the hallways?
Whatever, I’ll give her the benefit of the doubt and say she didn’t see us.
[sigh] Whatever, I’ll give her the benefit of the doubt and say she didn’t see us.
Hey lookee here, another decaying room that smells like rotten flowers.
This place is so disjointed for a… a *base* or whatever.
Though maybe they’re all like this, I dunno.
And a dead end, it looks like.
Man, *where* is Clarissa? If she’s not here, then…
There was the padlocked door. And we skipped past a room, I think, right below us.
So, you know, we still got options.
There was a… a door, I think, back there, that we passed.
So, you know, we still got options.
Ugh, gonna hate to go out in that.
Okay, I get it, you’re a *fort*, but can you leave like a few doors unlocked. Pretty please.
Now that… that’s not fair.
Hilarious.
Oh, c’mon!
Whyyyyyy!
So… actually, before we, uh, press on… I’ve had to go pee for like a while now… so..
Since we’re stuck anyway….
I thought I’d…
You know...
No.
C’mon, it’ll just take a second.
Nope.
You... have to be joking.
Okay, *look*. You can watch or not watch or listen or not listen… but I am *going* to take a piss… in this room… with you here.
Oh my *God*, go in the corner then!
I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I know this is like *way* too much too soon for us right now, but I’m gonna totally explode.
Look, I know, I know, I know, and I’m sorry, but if I don’t do it I’m gonna... like, it feels like my bladder is gonna punch a hole in my chest.
I’ll force it out fast.
I cannot at all believe you right now.
Don’t look at me!
This is… if the night needed a capper, this is it, right here. My vagrant new stepbrother. Peeing on a rat.
Jonas, really, *please*, can you *not* wait just until we’re back outside?
I really *really* can’t!
Uhgh.
I know, the, uh, the acoustics are really carrying it, sorry…
Pee quieter! It’s like louder than the rainstorm!
Clarissa!
Okay, that was *definitely* her.
What is she... is this just like a game to her or something?
Clarissa, come back! We came to help you, don’t... ugh.
What is she thinking? I mean… I’m freaking out, too, but, like…. *relax*, honey.
This might be like a Nona situation where she’s just, uh, losing it a bit.
She knows it’s us, I don’t think she’d be freaking out like this if she wasn’t, like, in trouble or something…
And you know, it just occurred to me... she also could be having like a Ren episode. A Renisode.
Possessed or…. whatever we wanna call it.
It would explain the erratic behavior, at least…
And maybe not understanding how to work a radio?
But, Ren... Ren acted like he was underwater. The guy could barely move.
Yeah, well that’s true.
Nah, Clarissa’s just being Clarissa. Making everything harder than it has to be.
Yeah, actually it’s kinda obvious that that’s what’s probably happening, isn’t it?
Wasn’t it in House on Haunted Hill where that possessed guy walked into a vat of blood?
I… really don’t know.
Or she’s just being weird, I don’t know.
Hello? Is this thing... Is this... God, is this... is this going *out* or… wait… I can… ugh, I can hear myself, that’s not... *God*, just is anybody...
Ugh, man, maybe she didn’t see us, I don’t know, but… whatever, she still has a radio, so… we gotta still get to her.
Wait, what was that?
That sounded like a door?
Is somebody out there?
Is that Clarissa out there?
Okay, I’ll just hold it some more.
Here’s a simple one to start. So don’t hold your breath.
What is the name of the school you are standing in?
“School we’re standing in?”
Isn’t this like just a classroom?
I thought this was just a... a fort.
Uh, Fort Milner, right? I mean, that’s not a..
US Army… Radio Communications School.
Uh, the School… for Armed… Services?
[buzzer noise]
Our friends are finding this tough!
[screams]
Clarissa!
Do you think. Us. Cruel.
Do you think. Us. Callous.
Yes! Yeah, you’re being really mean right now! Why are you doing this?
Why is. Anything?
No, no... you’re… I don’t know what you are. I don’t know what you want out of this.
We are not. Cruel. It is fair. This is fair.
I don’t *care*, just don’t hurt...!
We don’t hurt playmates.
That’s the stuff, Charlie. Now you’re swinging.
It all goes into your final rating. You want to get a good rating, don’t you?
You want to be a good soldier?
Why the Hell would we wanna be a good soldier?!
Yeah, sure! If that’s... if that’s what you want!
Excellent!
No! Not... not at all, I mean, why should I care about *any* of this?
Why should you care.
They didn’t care!
Why do you care what I want or don’t want or... anything, I didn’t come here for this!
Yeah, we really really didn’t come here for this!
Why should we care.
Erghhghh.
Just keep the pointer on the button. Question Two.
What did the communications officers at Fort Milner call codes?
Who would know that?
This isn’t World War 2!
Nobody calls anything *anything* anymore!
You’d call codes… cookies?
Codes? I mean, aren’t codes just codes?
Uh, ciphers, I guess?
Maybe not so easy, huh.
[cries]
Hey, c’mon, normally the guy’s not drawn so much each time!
Do you think. We want this.
We don’t want this.
This isn’t. Sport.
Look, no one would want *this*, whatever this is, *nobody* would want it!
Nobody would want. What we have.
And yet.
Well I’m sorry for you, I really am, but whatever you’re mad about, we didn’t... we didn’t *meant* to...
Sorry. For us?
Sorry. We’re sorry.
Oh gimme a break, you’re *enjoying* this! You have all the answers and you’re *dangling* this stuff over us like...
Enjoying. It.
Are we. Enjoying this?
But. We tested. And so can you.
There. Now you’re cooking.
Coded radio transmitters have an important job! And you wouldn’t want them to be unqualified.
Noooo, Johnny!
What the... what is this *any* of this about?!
Uh, no? I mean… like any job, right?
Like anything. Right!
Uh, why on Earth would I? What does this have to...
Okay, look, is this a trick? Is whatever I’m gonna say gonna bite me in the ass no matter what, because if that’s the case, then...
Watch your language, young lady. There’s no room for sass in the armed forces!
Oh, screw you, this isn’t...
Ugh, whatever.
The answer... No! You wouldn’t!
Oh, Jesus, what is going on…
Ugh, I’m feel like I’m stuck on a tilt-a-whirl…
C’mon, guys, this isn’t exactly *fair* now.
Yarrghgh! God friggin' dammit...
One last round and you’ve cleared your exam. Pencils ready.
How many officers died in the sinking of the USS Kanaloa?
Kanaloa?
Eighty five?
Uh, twelve?
Fifty… three?
You’re off, Bob, that’s not gonna cut it.
Hey, c’mon, normally the guy’s not drawn so much each time!
Ninety seven brave men and women died on the USS Kanaloa. Eighty five officers. Twelve passengers.
It all adds up to another fact for the classification board.
Just another fact. Among many.
Correct!
We are an island race…
And through all our times the sea has ruled our breaks.
But, be wary, young ones.
Jonas, are you... uh, doing... okay?
Jonas, what the *Hell* are you talking about?
Alright, if I’m answering the questions, you can leave Jonas out of it, okay?
For there will be other ships…
And other souls to sail them.
Above all victories, beyond all loss…
In spite of changing values and a changing world.
Mphhh.
[mumbles]
“The United States Submarine Kanaloa is shown for the first time in Pacific waters patrolling for the enemy.”
“Through the periscope the commander looks out over the ocean surface...”
“Kanaloa was... lost today... lost... at sea... near...”
Is this… are you the dead officers? That sunk on the Kanaloa?
We. Are. The sunken.
Why are you here? Was it something… we...
What a question. Never left.
Hey, *why*... why are you testing me? Testing us? I don’t know what me being good at *trivia* is gonna...
Everyone must test. Before. Enlistment.
Rules. You know.
Of the game.
Okay, um, about that, I’d really prefer not to, uh, enlist, so…
Enlist in *what*? What do you mean? In the army?
What... what do you want?
“For the first time… first time… time… time... time…”
Time. Just time.
What... *are* you?
“And the panic of the... don’t... don’t panic... don’t... don’t panic…”
Don’t panic.
See you.
What… I…
This has been United News… and thank... thank you for...
That was… not fun.
Are you… feeling… better?
I’m *feeling*, let’s start with that.
Yeah, I know you just went through, like, an event or something but I coulda *really* used your help back there.
You… are an evil person.
Just take it slow and easy. You’ve just had… an experience.
Yes. Very good.
High in the cascade mountains of Washington, the Navy opens the world’s largest radio transmitter! Its one million watts can flash a message around the world in a tenth of a second!
What is this? A… commercial or… something?
It sounds so old.
Is this… coming from the... from the *past*, or something? It sounds like it’s from the fifties or…
Yeah, I dunno.
They’re talking about... it’s talking about the Navy?
I… think? But like… from.. *years* ago.
Hey, kids! Wanna play a game!
Ugh.
What is it *doing*?
*God*, can you *believe* this…
No. I can’t.
Hangman?
Be sharp and listen mister!
This is gonna tell the Classification Board a lot about what can be expected of you in the future.
How many questions will you be able to get in the allotted time?
Like a… test?
Uh, this isn’t how you play Hangman!
Hey, why are we being tested?! What did we do?
Look, I’ve, uh, never been good at these… so, uh...
Oh, just pass the buck, I guess.
Look, if the… *wall* wants us to play, then… it should be with somebody who knows… *stuff*.
Neither have I, Jonas! I’m better at… like, riddles, you know, “As I was Going to St. Ives?” That sort of thing?
No idea what you’re talking about right now.
Just… sit back and watch. This is gonna be cake.
I’ll leave you to it.
We did something in the cave. We did something in the cave, and now… the... the guys who died on the sub...are…?
I don’t even know what I’m saying.
We… the radio somehow… let them out, or… gave them a microphone or something.
It’s more than a microphone, I mean, they’re, like, *affecting* stuff. It’s more than just talking.
Yeah.
They must have always been here, whatever we did in the cave, just… I don’t know, amplified it, somehow.
I dunno, they apparently just wanna play… *games* and scare kids and… I don’t know, I don’t get it, I don’t wanna get it.
What do you think they meant by… time?
Time. More time. More “life.” That’s… it’s cliche, but that’s how I’m choosing to interpret it.
They…. *do* know we haven’t yet invented a resurrection machine, right? They know there’s nothing we can do for them?
Let’s hope so.
Maybe they don’t care…
I didn’t hear that.
I *think* that’s what the, uh, the radio said.
I don’t know… I have no clue, it’s a talking radio, Jonas, I’m just catching up to *that*.
What do you think they meant by… “don’t panic…?”
You asked who are you and they said, “Don’t panic?”
What could that mean...
The type of person who says, “I’m not gonna hurt you,” is exactly the type of person I know *could*.
Maybe it’s the… whatever in me, but… I didn’t think to really “panic” until they told me not to.
I guess it means they’re friendly? Or at the very least… concerned about our… blood pressure.
Well, it... is the silent killer.
Yeah, no crap.
Oh yeah? What tipped you off? The messages, the ball? Or maybe it was the *ghost*...
That gave us a pop quiz, yeah, okay.
Maybe…
I *would* say ghosts, okay, I would, but… what about the weird triangle stuff? What does that have to do with submarine spirits?
Okay… it’s ghosts. As stupid as that sounds.
Uhhhh… you know… like… a….
Fine. It's ghosts.
Proto… dead… uh, protooo…
Uh, unexplained phenomena.
Yes, “unexplained.”
Ghosts are fine.
Wait. We… lost. Right?
The whole hangman got drawn.
So…. isn’t there, like, some sort of… penalty?
[screaming in terror]
Clarissa!
This is just unbelievable.
Anyone! Can anyone just...
That’s gotta be Clarissa.
Let’s get her and get out of here or use her *radio* and get out of here but... let’s just get out of here.
You could’ve… like, couldn’t you have tried like a little harder there?
I know it’s not your *fault*, but…
God.
Oh give me a friggin’ *break*, those questions were *impossible*, how can you expect me to...
Jonas, I’m sorry, okay! I... I tried my best, I did, but it was just...
Uh….
What?
Huh?
She’s cracking up.
Great.
It’s a… joke… or something? I hope?
Yeah.
Clarissa! Can you hear me! Are you alright!
God damn it.
I just... I hope she’s okay.
Let’s just get to her.
I tried... you have to believe me, Jonas, I tried to get it right, how was I supposed to know that...
It’s fine, it’s fine, we don’t know yet, let’s just... let’s just get to her.
Cross your fingers.
Clarissa is asleep right now. Be still so as not to wake her.
Cross your… wait. What?
Was all this stuff here a minute ago?
Cause… if it was, there is something seriously wrong with me.
Clarissa...
Oh my G... I *thought* you said you were coming to help me!
*Where* have you been, it couldn’t *possibly* have taken this long to walk from the tower to here.
I’ve been sitting, fumbling around with this stuff…
I don’t know how to work this crap.
Look, I know I told you we’d come here, and, you know what, we *did*, we’re here, tada, but Ren got himself stranded in the woods so we...
We came straight here! It’s not like... that’s not exactly a curated park out there, okay, there’s, like, *obstacles.*
*Obstacles*. Obstacles, okay, what *ninja training ground* kept you from showing up when I called, huh?
Clarissa, are you… like, okay?
Yeah, I’m alright. Why? Don’t I look alright?
Well, it’s fine, cause we’re here now. There were just some… snags on the way.
*Snags?* What snags?
Oh my God, you actually came.
I mean, it did take you… long enough, but… still… good.
Yeah, I… keep my word. I told you I’d come and I came.
Yeah, you did. But... be honest...
Did you come because I needed help or did you come because there was a radio.
Okay, don’t even start, Clarissa, we came, we’re here. Be happy.
Alright, don’t get all… you know. Be honest...
Uhhh… are you alright?
I mean… yeah? Why?
Clarissa… are you okay?
Oh, well look at this, the Super Twins decided to *grace* me with their presence.
I thought maybe I wasn’t good enough for a house call, doctor.
So are we Super Twins or doctors?
We came here, okay? We showed up, and... you know what, it wasn’t exactly an easy walk, there were, like, *obstacles*.
You’re neither.
Okay, whatever Clarissa, just... where’s the radio?
Wait, how did you... how did you even know I was here?
Are you just aimlessly wandering around or...
Did you hear my... did you hear me on the radio?
Ren told us. We got him in the...
Where’s Ren?
He called us from a Way Station, he’s fine, he’s back at the...
*I* called you! I called you! That was *you* in the tower?! And *Ren*?
Kinda blind luck, really. We heard you on the radio when we got in the… “zone.”
Huh.
What?
If you hadn’t heard I had a radio… would you have come looking for me?
Uh, kinda a bit of both, actually.
Look, Clarissa… are you alright?
You went to get *Ren*, first? *Why* would you do that?
I’m sorry but he’s like the most useless one!
He’s like the... the... the bassist!
Clarissa, relax.
Clarissa, he’s my *best friend*, okay, so… on the scale of things you’re gonna come up short on this one.
“Scale of things?” I have a *radio*, I just can’t figure out how to make the *stupid* thing work!
Clarissa, look at us! We’re here, alright? We came! What more do you want!
Nothing, okay, nothing, you did it, I’m sure your parents are proud.
Do you have any idea what we had to slog through to get here? It’s like a Halloween hay ride you can’t get off out there!
I *know* what it’s like, that’s why I’ve been trying to contact *anybody* for the past, like, two hours!
We’re here now, okay? And I’m sorry you’re having a bad night but so are we. So what’s this about a radio.
I mean, it’s like a three mile spread!
That’s like twenty minutes if you jog!
Clarissa, I don’t even know how *you* got here.
*I*... I… I don’t… know how I got here, so… there’s that.
Clarissa, where’s the radio.
Oh, I dunno, maybe all the *ghosts* that are shambling around, handing out *tests.*
Oh my *God*, look stuff has been... *strange*, I’ll give you that, but let’s not bungee jump into lunacy just yet, okay?
There’s like a million locked doors between here and the Comm Tower!
And a million ways around each one! Haven’t you ever broken into someplace before?
Uh, Clarissa…
I wanna hear it from Alex.
Yes, of course, Clarissa. And I really don’t appreciate the question.
Okay.
Welll… I mean…
*Yes*, we would’ve, we’re not gonna leave you behind, okay?
You’re a good boy, Jonas, but… watch out for that one.
*No*, Clarissa, of course not. The radio’s our way out, you’re the way out’s *appendage*.
Well, this appendage *found* the radio, so remember that when you’re back at home, safe and sound and snuggled with your stuffed animals.
*Speaking* of the radio… where is it.
Yeah sure, my hair might be a little weird, but…
There’s not a lot I can do about that.
You just sounded… really distressed, that’s all.
Well, I mean… I dunno. I’m fine now, so…
Uh, you just sounded… off. I guess. Right, didn’t she sound off?
I don’t really know what she normally sounds like.
I… guess you’re okay. You’re okay. Right?
Yeahhh… yeah. I’m fine.
Alright, where’s this famous radio?
I dunno, I can’t get it to… do anything I want.
Alex, wanna take a look at this?
Yeah, no, this is… this is like a low frequency thing. It’s just meant for the base, it won’t… I don’t think it can beam out.
Really?
No, no no no isn’t there a way to...
These officers who know your problems full and well, and will give you a friendly and sympathetic hearing…
Who is that?
Clarissa!
Is there anything... can we like cut her down with something!
Clarissa!
Clarissa, no!
Clarissa, wh... why!
Oh God, Clarissa!
Erghghg, not now! We’re, ugh, we’re looping again.
*Crap*, well, uh, just keep me in the loop. I didn’t mean to say that.
Jonas, wait, we’re in another... we got *looped* again.
Oh, wait… what? We already did this, you already said that.
Did I?
Wait, Jonas… something... something just happened. We got... we were in there, and then...
C’mon, let’s just get to Clarissa.
Uh… oh. Something’s… I don’t know.
Holy crap.
What is it?
Okay…..
Is something wrong?
Or… not?
We’re… we’ve been in a little time loop thing, and… it’s been just kinda extreme.
I’m… sorry. Ugh, that was a stupid thing to say. Just... come on, I’m here with you.
We keep doing the same... we’ve... we’ve gone through this door like twice now, and it’s... it keeps... the events keep changing.
Are you feeling okay?
Cause…
I’m not really following.
It’s uh, it’s fine, ignore me.
I’m not nutso, Jonas, we’ve, like, *done* this, we’ve gone through this door and seen Clarissa twice now and we’re about to do it a third time!
Okay, alright, I’m sorry, I believe that… you believe this, so… alright. Just… keep me posted, I guess on how… that… develops.
Well, just let me know if you have to... lie down or something.
Just… brace yourself, okay?
Alright.
Look, Clarissa might be… dead… in there.
*Why?*
We just heard her.
Look, are you... feeling okay?
Uh, nevermind. Just ignore me.
I’m not nutso, Jonas, we’ve, like, *done* this, we’ve gone through this door and seen Clarissa twice now and once she was *hanged* and we’re about to do it a third time!
Clarissa?
I woulda swore she was… she was in here.
Better gone than dead…
Clarissa?
Oh, maybe this was the, uh, the thing... the radio she was using.
If we can get it to... I mean, *she* got it to *kinda* work, so…
We should be home free.
It’s not gonna work, Jonas.
Huh? How do you know?
Yeah, it, uh, it only broadcasts within the... within a short space, it’s not gonna do what we need it to.
Really? How do you know?
Call it a hunch.
I’m gonna still try.
I just know, alright? I can tell from here.
Jonas. We’re in a loop. We already... just, it’s okay, knock yourself out.
Crud.
Clarissa!
Are you alright?
Thank God, Clarissa, we saw... I saw you...
Cl... Clarissa, what are you doing?
Clarissa, it’s us, it’s Alex. Are you… okay?
For there will be other ships.. and other souls to sail them.
Clarissa?
Clarissa, *what* are you talking about?
Clarissa, will you snap out of it!
She’s like… she’s like Ren was.
*What* is the matter with her?
Clarissa!
Clarissa, what’s going on?
Clarissa, will you *wake up*!
What is she doing?
Clarissa, come back here!
Clarissa! Don’t do it!
Clarissa! Stop!
Oh my G... *why* would she do that?!
Why would she do that?!
We were... we’re not... it’s not like we’re...
God!
She...she was... she was like possessed! I... I... I just... I...
I just... this is... Jonas, this is so horrible.
I... I can’t believe this! I can’t believe she would do that, over... I mean, things are... are... *bad* right now, but y... you can’t just...
She killed herself, oh my God, she just killed herself, they made her... they...
This is just... I just... I never...
I don’t... I don’t even know what to…
We… we should… get to the others.
I... I can’t even imagine telling them.
Or… or *how* to tell them, I…
I don’t know, Alex.
I can’t believe it.
I... I don’t even know how I can tell her *mom*! I mean, we... she *knows* me, this can’t... oh God, and just the fact that *I’m* the one who… who was here… God.
“Telling them?” I just wanna... we have to round them up before anything else... before anything like this... like, I don’t even... I don’t even know what happened here, Jonas, if it’s… if they’re thinking of doing the same thing...
We’ll... We’ll figure it out.
This is unbelievable.
Alex. Don’t worry.
There will be other ships… and other souls to sail them.
Ugh, it’s... it’s like in the woods again, this *stuff* keeps appearing, it’s like a... a time displacement thing or loop or something.
Wait, what... what is all this, we were just in there, and now it’s, like... ugh, God.
Yeah, I, uhhh... I don’t... I don’t really know. Is Clarissa in there?
Wait, what... where’d all this stuff come from… it’s like the... ugh, whatever I’m gonna say will sound stupid so just...
Yeah, no, I get it, the... the equipment’s old but it looks brand new? Ish?
I don’t know what’s causing it, though.
[spooked] Yeahhh, this isn’t... this isn’t good.
Clarissa must have been using this to talk to us, right?
I don’t know why she would’ve left, though...
I thought we heard her just a second ago...
This... we already saw this thing, I think, in the... the cave, or… this type of transmitter at least...
Yeah, it looks... you can feel the hum, right? I think it’s working.
Seems like it. You wanna try it out or…[trails off]
Yeah, but... Clarissa’s not here, and... I don’t know how she left without blowing past us. So maybe we should focus on that…?
True...
Kinda… weird… really.
Yeah.
But maybe we could call out using this thing?
Fart barf, that didn’t work.
[confused] Yeah, um… sure didn’t?
Yeah, fingers crossed, sure.
Wow.
There’s *no way* she got up from that, right?
Like… there’s *no way*.
We both saw what happened, that was…
Oh my... thank *Christ*, she’s alive, maybe she just... maybe she just twisted her... twisted *something* or…
Alex, even if she fell feet first she would’ve broken every bone in her body, how’d she just get up and walk away?
Wait, she’s… alive? How is… how is that possible?
I’d bet all the money in my pocket that… *no one* could survive that. So… why isn’t she here?
Wait, she’s… um… I can’t think of the appropriate word here…
*Dead*, the word is “dead”, she should be dead, Alex, I watched her, there was no breaking that fall, so…. how’d she walk away?
Seriously. Why isn’t she here.
This… isn’t possible. Cause… unless she’s built of rubber…
Let’s… just put a pin in “Ghosts” and say... “Until evidence proves otherwise.”
We *did* just go through a, uh, sort of a… temporal anomaly… A time… thing.
Maybe it screwed with what happened.
Hallucination? Dual hysteria? I don’t know, Jonas.
Well, regardless…. good… news?
*Yes*, Jonas, of *course* it’s good news that Clarissa isn’t *dead*, Christ.
That’s *not* why I hesitated! Of *course* it’s good news if she’s not dead, I’m just saying *if*.
Yeah. We’ll see.
Yep.
What, you think she’s a zombie, now? Three seconds ago you said she couldn’t get up from that, now you’re leaping right into “zombie.”
I’m not saying she’s a zombie. I’m saying we don’t we know what she is. Currently.
Well, she’s not *dead*, Jonas, we can I think make at least a stand on that.
All I’m saying is… we don’t know a whole lot of anything right now.
Let’s just get back to the Ren at the Comm Tower. Maybe he’s had better luck than us at… anything.
Well… guess it’s Ren time. Let’s hope it’s less eventful.
The handprints are a macabre touch.
Do you know who did that?
Please tell me, like, it’s a known thing that teenagers here do or something…
It’s… probably, like, children. They have such little hands.
Yeah, little kids, just… makin’ a mess of things.
Clearly, it’s the, uh, the evil, obviously.
First they finger paint, then they… wear our lungs like scarves.
Yeah, well… somebody’s gotta keep the traditions alive.
I really… have no idea…
You really couldn't just say your friends do this for my own piece of mind?
What was that?
You... you heard that, right?
Something just fell. Relax. I’m sure a bird landed on a piece of loose masonry or something.
Probably…
I’m sure it’s just the, uh, the *evil*, again. I forgot the step in-between the finger paint and wearing our lungs, they also *drop* things.
I’m... I don’t even know why I ask you.
Oh, yeah, yeah, the evil, okay, of course.
Why do you keep asking me if I know what’s going on! I don’t! I have no idea! Just like the handprints!
Okay, okay, fine, alright, geez. We’ll both be in the dark together.
I don’t know! I have no idea! Why would I know!
I don’t know! Alright, fine. We’ll both be in the dark together.
Literally.
Literally.
Jinx!
Crap.
Metaphorically, I mean.
Probably, like... a bird.
It’s not opening. Clarissa!
Man, when we catch up, I am gonna tear… it’s gonna be limb from limb, it’s gonna be like she wasn’t wearing *seat belts* when I’m finished with her, *God*.
Okay, alright, I know, she’s a hoot.
We can’t leave until she shows us where that radio is. I know it’s annoying, but… it’s our only hope for getting us out of here so far.
Look, let’s just leave, seriously. If she doesn’t want our help…
No no no, she *knows* where a *working* radio to the outside world is, there is no *way* I’m leaving before I get a crack at it.
I’m worried, something must be *really* wrong. Clarissa’s a lot of things but she wouldn’t… do whatever this is.
“ASVAB”, “Basic,” “Enlisted Soldier’s Guide…” I wonder why nobody’s taken these.
I think those titles answer your own question…
I thought maybe they’d have… something here, but… no.
I don’t... I don’t know why I thought this would tell me anything, it’s a globe.
Yeah, unless they mean longitude and latitude it’s not gonna help.
Oh! It’s... it’s stamped the US Army Radio Communications School!
Well then say it!
Oh... I can’t believe it, marked near the coast, eighty five dead!
God, there is *nothing* at all on here about codes.
Yeah, I wouldn’t think so, but, Alex, c’mon, maybe you heard this somewhere?
This… the map says *nothing* about what school this is.
Yeah, why would it! It’s just countries, it’s too zoomed out.
They… this isn’t a book about... it wouldn’t have this in here.
There’s... *oh*, it says, “cookies,” they called them, “cookies.”
Perfect! Call it out!
This... I don’t know what I was thinking, this isn’t helping.
Yeah, it’s a *globe*, that’s not gonna help with the name of a school.
The, uh, cave… triangle… people said… like, I don’t wanna... look, I just wanna try something. Like, if we can’t call out, maybe we can try that thing… talking to, like, ourselves… you know? Just… this makes sense in my head!
Okay. Uh. Sure.
Knock yourself out.
And then we can just wait for Clarissa... I guess?
Um, Alex? Can you… can you hear me?
Hey, uh, Jonas? Or… just...to anyone listening, we’re trapped in...
Hey, Clarissa… are you still in the base? We’re in the Comm Room, I think, cause...
Are you... can you figure it out, or…?
It won’t. Be. So easy.
This stuff… it’s like... it’s like the base is “reverting” back to when it was… functional, or... that’s not the right word, but...
Yeah, no, I know, it’s crazy, this is crazy, this is... I don’t even know, it’s just nuts.
Change of heart?
Eh. I’m thinking about it.
No, sorry, user error. Give me a sec.
Wow… another one. I mean, like, what are these things?
I dunno. Portals?
We haven’t been able to really, like, *see* the ghosts without them.
Yeah, but… it still doesn’t seem like they can come… through all the way? If that makes sense?
Ways to, uh, communicate… with, uh, you know... *them*?
Maybe…
Is it like… is it like a *tear* in… something?
What do they say? “Space and Time?” Seems a little...
I think it’s like a… a *gate*, you know? Like… you can talk through it or… sometimes they can even like…. *reach* through the bars...
I don’t know.
Really…
And what happens if a “gate” opens up, then?
“Gates.” Good enough for me.
Jonas… if there’s anything I do know… it’s that we... don’t know anything.
Ten.
Nine.
Eight.
Seven.
Six.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Where are you going?
I wanna look around some more.
Oh, okay.
Clarissa’s in here, remember?
Uhh… didn’t we… wait, huh?
Mm?
Wait, weren’t we... weren’t we just over there? And not, like, here?
Well, um, yeah, we are walking, right?
Hold up, this... this weird, like, *thing* is still happening, we’re like... I don’t even know how to explain it...
Huh, okay. I’ll, uh, keep an eye out for it...
Wait, Jonas, sorry, I just... I feel like I’m blacking out or losing track of time or something...
Oh, sorry. Let’s, uh, hurry up and find Clarissa then.
So… Edwards Island used to be a military base, like I said, right?
So in the fifties, apparently, *after* the war when everyone was bored, they’d have guys stationed here…
And those guys would I guess sneak city girls over on these little fishing boats and they’d camp on the beach to, like, “neck” and stuff.
They literally called it “trawling.”
Uh huh.
So anyways, the soldiers here used to sneak their dates over from the mainland.
Okay.
“Neck.” Loser.
“Neck,” it’s what they called it!
That’s actually kinda funny.
Yeah, it’s like kids at camp or whatever.
Really? That’s kinda gross.
Yes, sex is gross, so disgusting, man, get a room you *soldiers*.
Yeah, get a room!
Shut up.
“Improper acts,” okay.
Yeah, basically, seniors get Prom, Sophomores paint that weird statue thing green... and Juniors do this.
No no no, I, uh, I got it.
*Annyyways* the town’s *youths* keep up the whole slink over and camp thing alive and well.
Oh c'mon, Jonas has only just gotten here and you’re boring him already!
I am not!
No, it’s... it’s interesting. It’s nice to hear about your weird little traditions.
See?
Is that sarcasm I detect?
Sure.
Oh. Good. Carry on, then.
Yeah, it’s kinda cool, right? Coolish?
Yeah, I mean, I’m up for anything, so. Island sleepover, whatever, it’ll be fun.
Well anyways, you’re not allowed to stay here at all past the last ferry.
So just staying here’s *sorta* bad, just so you know...
Okay.
So we’re not allowed to stay here overnight?
Nah, not really. But it’s no big deal.
Okay, but… what if we get caught, then?
We won’t. I had to promise Karen I’d shovel her driveway all winter so she’d just look the other way.
Is that why there’s no one around?
Yeah, the island pretty much shuts down after hours.
I guess skipping curfew won’t get us thrown in the stockade or anything, then.
No. But maybe the fact that I brought a whole crap ton of drugs will.
Oh, well, yeah, that’ll do it, then.
Oh God, ugh, of course you did.
I’ve been looking forward to this for a *really* long time and I’m *not* leaving the *fun* part of this to chance, that’s all.
Of course you did.
Ren, God, why?! I don’t wanna babysit you when you go on a bad “trip”!
You’re not gonna have to *babysit* me.
And it’ll make the caves *so* much better.
What caves?
There are... caves... at the beach, and they… I don’t know how to put it. They’re strange.
“Strange.”
Yeah, it’s hard to describe.
Anyways, yeah, the caves are gonna blow your mind.
Oh yeah?
Yeah, “strange?” What does that mean?
Wait, you don’t remember?
Whatever you’re talking about, she didn’t tell me, so...
Actually, Ren, I wanna talk some more about your burgeoning *drug addiction*.
What’s so special about the caves?
All caves are *weird*, Ren. That’s why they’re called “caves.”
No, you *know* these are different.
What do you mean?
The whole reason Alex brought her radio is because when you go to the... it’s like the “front”...
The mouth?
... the “mouth” of this *particular* cave, you can sometimes pick up *frequencies*... to stations that don’t exist.
You’ll hear voices or just... sounds... And they’re impossible to get anywhere else on the island. Crazy, right?
So yeah, we brought the radio because in the cave you can hear a bunch of spooky crap.
Really?
Really.
No way, c’mon.
*Alex* has always been a devout skeptic even though the 4th Grade field trip *proved* it without a *shadow of a doubt*.
I wasn’t even there! I couldn’t go, remember?
Oh, why how *convenient!*
Oh God, whatever.
There must be some kind of logical explanation, like… like the rocks are somehow able to conduct lower frequencies or pick up broadcasts from further away or… something.
*Or* it’s aliens.
It’s, uh, it’s pretty creepy… at least I’ve heard.
I did it once. It’s amazing when it works.
Huh. Alright. Cave sounds.
Okay.
Okay, speed-read definition of Edwards Island. This is a tourist trap with shops and a beach.
We are here to drink and be stupid, a tradition apparently started by bored recruits in the nineteen fifties who would sneak dates over from the coastal towns.
Wait, how’d they pull that? Isn’t, like, *security* an important thing in military bases?
Yes, but apparently the desire to have cheap sex with floozies will overcome all borders, it’s the American way.
So, to summarize… we are not allowed here after dark, the town is shut down, and we - the Camena High Junior Class - have come to commit improper acts.
Yeah, isn’t this supposed to be like a giant, swarming, animal mask wearing freak out?
Where’s everybody else?
Jesus, Alex, it’s just supposed to be like a somewhat oversized kegger. And I think more people are coming.
Wait, we’re not allowed here after dark? So like what’s the plan if we get caught.
“Improper acts?” What does that even mean, soaping windows?
Yeah, I don’t think that’ll get us tossed in the stockade.
And the other thing… is the weirdo caves.
“Weirdo caves?”
Hello kids. The other guys and gals must be further up, so… be quick now.
Nobody lives here except for some geriatric named Mrs. Adler, but as God as my witness, we’ll never mention her or any other old person’s name again.
So does anybody like…. *live* here?
It’s a tourist town, and the other half of the island’s like a… protected land or something so… no, not really, not except for Maggie Adler.
Her family, I think, like *owns* or owned some of the island or something… she’s been shacked in the same spot for like seventy years.
She’s kind of what you’d call a local legend.
She has a house on the other side of the woods.
But yeah, Maggie Adler, that’s it, the only person who lives here. She’s never left the island.
I can’t imagine living in the same exact house looking at the same exact walls for that long a time.
Well… it takes a certain someone. And actually, you know what, speaking of the opposite of those certain someones...drum roll please.
I hate your transitions.
Ugh, what is it.
I think that’s what *I* would call a “hermit.”
Man, that woman won the life lottery. Seventy years of sleeping with the window open and smelling the ocean.
You'd be okay with never leaving?
Never leaving… Just there *all the time*.
But you’d be okay with never leaving. Really?
Yeah… why wouldn’t I be? If you’re happy, you’re happy, why would you move?
Yeah! Why would you?
What is *that* supposed to mean?
Okay, Ren... time’s up. What’s on your mind, cause something obviously is and it’s obviously *not* this.
If it’s on an *island*, then yeah! Monkey butlers, lobster wives, it’s the dream.
Oh yeah, what was I thinking? Lobster wives! It’s the dream!
I’m guessing that doesn’t sound appealing to you...
Well, I dunno. Maybe I’d get bored with the same scenery, the same parrots screaming at me...
Well of course you’d get bored, you’re bored here.
I guess she is!
No no no, there’s something else going on.
Oh really?
Yeah, so... don’t get used too used to her.
So, *anyways*... is it true or not? Are you not staying for college?
Alright, so what if I am?
I dunno! So what if you are? I guess it’s nothing, no big deal.
I don’t know who you heard that from, but I’m not, not really.
Alright, well… cool, I guess.
And did this little *birdy* tell everyone he did Susie Lyons even though it was only over the pants stuff?
Uhhh….
Just because Mark spends his Study Hall at the Advisory Board doesn’t mean he’s allowed to look through our submissions.
Look, Alex…
I just… If you *are* thinking of leaving, I just *hope*... you are doing it... for the *right* reasons.
That’s all. That’s my whole spiel.
Look... and I’m not gonna beat the horse dead or anything but I just wanna make sure you’re leaving because you *really* want to, that’s all.
What the Hell does *that* mean?
Nothing, nothing, nothing at all, do what you want, forget I said anything.
Thank you, I will.
I *said* I don’t really know, yet, okay? You’re witnessing the ground floor of the decision making process, I have no idea.
I’m not even sure yet, Ren, okay? I have no idea where I’m gonna go, so….
Okay, okay, that’s all I wanted to hear, I said my piece.
Sheesh.
And now you’re not talking to me, okay, great.
Ren, why do you even *care* about this?
Oh, I dunno, maybe cause you’re my friend? And I’ll miss you if you go, that’s what a friend does! They miss the other person.
And I don’t want you to regret anything. So… yeah. Nevermind.
Awww, Ren, ya big knuckle head. I’d miss you, too, okay? But for now I’m not gone yet and who knows what I’m gonna do, so.
Alright, alright.
Awww, you two are like kittens in a paper sack.
*What* is that?
It’s a saying.
No it isn’t.
[Laughs]
I don’t need you to look out for me. College is college is college, who *cares* if I play beer pong here or in Vermont or anywhere else, it doesn’t matter.
Okay, well, we’re just gonna table this discussion for when I’m better prepared and I can destroy you.
[sigh]
Thanks so much for bringing me out you guys.
I can tell I’m gonna have a really good time.
Ugh, I’m sorry, we’ll stop.
Yeah, this’ll be fun, don’t worry. Even if Alex is a listless drifter ruining her own life.
We, uh, we don’t normally bicker so much.
Yes, normally I just agree with everything she says. So… this is unusual.
Oh shut up, what else would you be doing.
Good point.
We’ll, uh, we’ll stop now. I’ll stop. The adventure awaits!
So, back up a second. Who’s Mrs. Adler?
Jonas, did you know a little birdy told me that our Alex here is thinking of going out of *state* to college?
The beaten path officially ends here. The beach is past the fence. I think Jerry told me that there’s a way they used to get over it, but… I’m blanking on what it was.
But it’s not... I mean, it can’t be too difficult.
Oh. Perfect.
Well just wait a minute and let me think.
Well, look, there must be something. I mean, if *Jerry* got over…
Yeah, exactly.
Not too difficult.
“When the flag is flying, we are… funning?”
“Running,” but I think a kid wrote over it. And it doesn’t say “funning.”
Oh.
I forgot this was even here.
Yeah, what is it?
But anyways, Jonas, the statue's for like the only time in history an American sub was destroyed in our waters or something like that.
Its propeller was the one thing recovered, so…
They made it into like a monument. The crew are listed on the plaque thing.
Yeah, I hate thinking about it. It reminds me of those scenes in movies where the sailors have to seal somebody up to drown or else the flooding will take the whole ship, you know?
Yeah, definite nightmare food.
“War… is Hell.”
“The only prescription for War… is War.”
You know *way* too much about this stuff, Ren, Jesus.
I’m excited to be here doing this, finally, okay, so sue me, I studied.
I hadn’t heard of it.
Yeah, if you had… you’d of heard of the town. But since you haven’t, you hadn’t.
Man, they close up early.
Well, no point in staying open if nobody’s here.
That’s true.
We’re here! Maybe I wanna buy an ornament or something!
[sigh]
It’s kinda kitschy. Right? It’s kinda kitschy?
What, the town?
I like it, I like kitschy stuff. It’s like the opposite of ugly, scratchy nature.
Can’t we just climb it?
Not unless you wanna slice up your hands like, uh… cut up piece of fruit… or… actually I’ll just stick with that, just imagine fruit.
Is this safe? Like, what happens if we get hurt? Will anyone even know?
No, but that’s the fun of it, right? The *danger*. The *suspense*.
Other kids have done this before... right? So let’s just not be the first idiots to get killed.
Bam. Exactly.
What will actually happen if we get caught, anyway?
Most likely a very stern talking to by the weekend rent-a-boat-cop. Nothing that will go on your permanent record.
I think the dumpster will get us over if it’ll, uh, budge.
Let’s try it.
Alex, do the, uh, the Walking Tour radio thing so Jonas can hear. 102.3.
It’s kind of a weird little, like, “feature” of the island where you can hear facts about different stuff by tuning to this station.
For people who want to learn stuff.
Uhhh, maybe we can do the “Walking Tour” later… like, after three beers.
Ughgh, *Anyways*, Jonas, it’s like the only time in history an American sub was destroyed in our waters or something like that.
So… this is cool, what is it?
So… wait, sorry, what is the statue?
It’s a memorial for a sunken submarine. Alex, tune to 102.3 so we can hear the “guide.”
It’s kinda fun, it’s like a... a museum tour.
Oh, okay.
It’s, uh, no big deal.
Alex, seriously, it’ll take two seconds, just tune to 102.3 so Jonas can hear about the statue.
Um, okay, sure.
It’s just, uh, 102.3.
Really, it’s, uh, it’s pretty interesting…
Eh, it’s alright, I don’t have to hear it.
But, *Anyways*, Jonas, the statue’s for like the only time in history an American sub was destroyed in our waters or something like that.
Um, I think it’s supposed to say, “running.”
I guess no point in staying open if nobody’s here.
Uh, if nobody lives here and the stores are all closed, who’s car is this?
Oh, there’s always that one lonely car in every parking lot.
Hey, uh, this is the “Parks and Facilities Office.” Didn’t... didn’t your sister Allison work here?
Allie? Yeah she did for a few years actually. Easy money, since nobody’s allowed in the “parks,” and barely anybody here needs “facilities.”
Does this go anywhere?
More closed stores. Or trees. I dunno. But it’s not where we’re going.
Oh, uh, I think they block this off at night since… nobody needs to use it? Or maybe they just had a parade…
Sure, either one.
“Parks and Facilities Office.” Ren’s sister Allison used to work here. You’d like her. She’s tall.
Uh, alright.
It’s a monument to some submarine that was sunk off the coast.
Oh, do the, uh, do the radio guide thing they talked about on the boat, you know?
It's what, it's 102.3?
I just wanna see how it works.
Okay, that’s true, we’ll be here all night.
I *think* they said it’s 102.3.
But… maybe I heard wrong?
Eh, you know what, it’s alright, I don’t need to hear it. We can maybe come back later.
Yeah, no, I always thought submarine duty was the worst possible war assignment. There’s nowhere to go if something goes wrong.
My Dad had a buncha comics named that from like the seventies. But it was like...
*Lliterally* the marines fighting Satan or dinosaurs or something.
Anyways…
I’d never heard of this before...
Kinda creepy, in a way, right?
Uh, yeah, it’s like a quiche.
Won't take long, I promise!
Really, it's, uh...
...it's pretty interesting.
Whoa, did you feel that?
Feel what?
Uh… huh, that’s, um, odd.
What is?
Oh God, Jonas, maybe she... I don’t know, maybe the fall *did*...
Clarissa, can you hear me?
Because we don’t know what that it is! It might not even *be* Clarissa!
Because she... she could be *dangerous*, she...
She... she wasn’t herself earlier, she could be possessed or…
Is she... is she alive, or…?
So… it’s the Parks and Facilities Building? That’s… down a bit, right?
Yeah, we’re... we’re close.
Yep, we just gotta… break in, find the key if there’s a key... hopefully there’s a key... and leave.
Yeah, I just hope Ren’s not misremembering his sister’s job or something.
If I’m remembering the right building, I don’t... think it’s far.
So the Parks and Facilities Building’s just down the way here.
Yeah, we’re getting there.
There’s a key, don’t worry.
Yeah… I just hope this whole thing works.
It’ll work.
It’s not far.
So… I think I remember the Parks and Facilities Building being, like, just down the hill here a bit.
It’s not that far now.
That’s... Alex, that’s Clarissa.
She’s alive, y...you’re *alive*! Man, I have *never* been so happy to see you in my life.
Clarissa, *where* have you been! The last time we saw you’d jumped out a window! I mean, I thought... we thought you were dead!
Clarissa, how... how are you... how are you not dead right now? Like swan dive out of a window, empty pool dive dead?
Can you, like, do me a favor and maybe come down from there?
Holy... Jesus Christ, Alex, *what* is happening?!
What’s… how’d she get up there?
Clarissa, what are you doing?
Ugh, is this what I looked like when... when that stuff happened?
Clarissa, can you hear me?
Ugh, God, not again! I hate when this happens!
Okay, just what do you guys want, huh? This isn’t... this has just really *lost* its charm, I have to say!
Clarissa, wake *up*! Fight them off, take control of yourself! Uh, uh... hang in there… baby…
Ugh, can you, like... I mean, you helped me before, right? Can you help her, is there... whatever you did, can you do it again?
Ugh, I don’t even want to look at her, it’s so…
It’s making my stomach churn.
I can… I’ll try, okay, I’ll try.
What... okay, Ren, tell me what you expect me to do in this situation. Really.
I don’t know! Whatever you did with me, isn’t that... you did *something*, right, to, like, snap me out of whatever?
This happened to Jonas, too, it’s... it’s, I dunno, it’s like when *they* wanna talk or something.
Hey, we’re not *toys*, guys!
Clarissa, how are you, uh, doing, honey?
Alex, seriously, can you help me with this a little?
Clarissa, to start, can you, like, climb down there and let us get a look at you? No? Don’t want to?
Clarissa!
Are you…?
What are you... how’d she get up there?
What are you doing?
Clarissa, what... Alex, Christ, what’s wrong with her?
Clarissa? Can you... can you hear me?
Alex, do you know what’s happening, is she... is she gonna be okay?
Ugh, Alex, please... can you just... I don’t know what you can do, but can you just do something, please, just try anything.
Like... ugh.
Clarissa?!
What... okay, Nona, tell me what you expect me to do in this situation. Really.
I don’t know! I’m sorry, I’m... I’ve just never seen this *ever*, I thought... I thought maybe you would know something or… God, I don’t know.
Ugh, *God*.
Clarissa, can you... can you hear me?
Alex, come on, just... please try and get her down at least, please, somehow.
Clarissa, can you come down?
Ugh, she just looks awful.
Is that… oh my God, that’s Clarissa.
She’s… well I was gonna say “okay,” but…
I’m... not too sure about that...
Clarissa, you… feeling okay?
Oh Jesus she has the... she’s doing the thing, the eye thing.
*Christ*, this is not... I’m not getting used to this, I’ll be honest.
Uh, Clarissa?
Okay, good try.
But, uh, maybe the ghosts… like, wanna help?
Maybe they wanna… maybe the ghosts or whatever wanna help us somehow?
Is that the, like, *point* of trying to... trying to... to whatever, *talk* through us or something?
And that’s why they keep, uh, possessing people? Or...
Clarissa, how are you, uh, doing, hon?
Alex, little help over here?
Clarissa, why don’t you crawl down from there, please?
[disgruntled sigh]
Maybe…
I guess… only way to find out.
Yeah, or maybe they want something else.
Something… else?
This happened to Jonas, too. It's... it's... I dunno, it's like when they wanna talk or something...
No!
Christ!
You think… you can control me?
I… what… I… no, I’m not trying to...
No, you’re not *trying*. You’re not trying at all.
*Yes*, Clarissa, we... we are, we’re...
This isn’t trying. You’re walking around pointing a radio at things. Might as well be a *stick*.
What... what *more* can we do, we’re *barely* holding on to our...
“What more can you do?” You can do your *job*, that’s just for starters. You can *be* what you signed up for.
*We’re* not trying? What about you? What have you done?! You get *stuck* in Milner, you *ask* for our help, you...
What have I done? I’ve sacrificed. I’ve made… immense… *bottomless*... sacrifices.
Clarissa, we’re not... she’s not trying to *control* you, she’s trying to prevent whatever is happening from...
Something is happening. Something. Soon.
I’m... I’m trying to help you! This is... this will...
Help me? …”Help me,” how will that help me?
It... it’s helped the others! Ren, and Nona, they’ve gone through the same...
Gone through what? They’re children. They’ve gone through nothing.
Don’t you... there’s a *ghost* in you right now, they’re... they’ve, like, *perverted* this whole...
Ghosts? Sounds pretty scary, kids. Better leave the night light on.
Clarissa, c’mon! We just want to help you.
And you will. Soon enough.
Are you... are you not… possessed right now?
“Possessed.” I am possessed, I am… consumed… with an unending fury.
Consumed with... what are you mad at? We’re... we’ve all been...
I’m not *mad*, dear. I’m tired.
Is this... is this *you*, right now, Clarissa, or is this a ghost, cause if it’s...
Ghosts? Sounds pretty scary, kids. Better leave the night light on.
Clarissa, we’re your friends! This whole *thing* has been about *saving* you from...
*Friends*? You have a distasteful definition.
Clarissa, if you’re not... I don’t know what’s going on, but just tell us what to do.
You can’t do *anything*. It’s too late for that.
When you're off, the little machine has no more heart than a brain.
No more heart… than…
Ahhh!
You haven’t changed, not a bit.
But you’re a fine girl.
I was looking forward to seeing you.
Yes I used to dream about something like this.
She was wonderful with her hands.
Yet, I keep hurting and I really don’t want to.
Clarissa…
We’re... she’s trying, Clarissa, this isn’t about… She’s trying to...
We... just *tell* us how to help you, then. We’re *trying* to help you.
Clarissa, just tell us what to do. What... what can we do?
Jesus.
Clarissa…
Clarissa, I don’t know… *what* they’ve told you, or what’s happening, but….
Clarissa, really, we just want to help you.
Clarissa, come on, just… come off there, we can...
Is she… okay, or…
She’s... Clarissa, are you okay?
Man, Jonas, what was... what was all that about?
I don’t know.
Clarissa, are you alright?
[sigh]
Steady, just... take it easy…
I’m *fine*, I can... I’m fine.
Back to normal? I hope?
Back to normal? What does that even.... How did I get here.
Do you… remember anything that happened?
I remember… waiting in Fort Milner… and seeing you.
That’s it?
How did I get here.
Clarissa, was that... was any *part* of you, in there, just now?
In where? What are you talking about.
Just now. All that stuff about… we can’t control you, or…
Uh, the usual answer to any question tonight has been, “I have no idea,” and… sorry to say, but this is no different.
There’s been, like, time, uh, *disturbances* or something, and… I think it’s what’s been teleporting people around… so.
Time disturbances?
Clarissa, you were *dead* a minute ago. Do you... do you realize that?
We saw your body, no joke.
Okay. Well, I’m alive now, so. Hallelujah.
You really don’t remember anything?
No... I remember something. I remember you… with that *radio*...
And I remember feeling... like you were the reason all of this was happening.
You are *not* blaming me for this, Clarissa, this is... this is *so* outside of logic of reason of... of *anything* that could *possibly* be anticipated.
It’s really not her fault, Clarissa.
Look, when we went into the cave, we found a… *thing*... and… I used the radio to somehow tune it in and... I think it jump started everything.
Clarissa, *please* don’t draw a chalk line here, don’t make *factions*, just... we *have* to stick together if we’re gonna make it through this.
There’s no reason, Clarissa. Alex *didn’t* cause this.
I’m sorry, okay. I... I’m sorry.
But, I mean, *c’mon*, like who *knew* this would happen! We thought it was a weird trick of light or something.
Jonas, now you’re seeing who you’re *stuck* to until graduation.
Jonas, I’m sorry, but you don’t know who you speak of, dear.
It *has* to be her fault, *of course* it’s her fault.
Why?! *Why* does it *have* to be my fault!
“Why” does it have to be your fault?! Are you *kidding* me?
Don’t listen to her, okay. She’s pissed at the world and she likes to take it out on me and none of what’s happening makes any sense anyway!
I’m not... it’s not a...
Okay, Clarissa, c’mon, I said I was sorry, you don’t have to pile on.
“Pile on?”
It was *both* of us, Jonas there, too, it’s not like *I* decided to end the world tonight or something!
Oh my *God*! You see this?
She’s not a.... I’ve been with her the whole time, alright?
You’re gonna learn, Jonas, I swear to God... the town looks at her like she has a red letter tattooed on her frickin’ forehead...
Clarissa…
...and the *giant*, lit-up *Christmas tree* reason why is that Michael is *dead* because of her!
Clarissa, I don’t know *what* you’re talking about, but this does *not* seem like the time *or* the place, so...
No, this is *exactly* the time, *exactly* the place, before you go *anywhere* else with her.
It would take a very *sick* person to see it that way, and I would *love* to hear the explanation!
Clarissa, just *shut* *up*! Look around, we’re not at *high school* where anyone gives a crap about your *pet miseries*!
Michael *drowned*in Horn Lake two years ago... and you wanna know why?
That doesn’t make it my *fault!* *Anyone* could’ve been there ... *anyone* ... and then *they* would’ve had to watch him die, you *unbelievable* prick!
“Anyone* wouldn’t have watched him die, Alex, anyone *else* would have done something!
You weren’t there! *No one* was there so how the *Hell* would you know!
*Everyone* knows! *Everyone* knows the *freak* sister who let her brother die while she clung scared to the bow line!
You are... you’re *completely* insane! It’s like all those after school specials that warn you about *inhuman monsters* were all secretly talking about you!
Yes, the person who *didn’t* kill her own brother is the monster in this picture, of course!
Okay, enough! Seriously!
This is... Clarissa, this is sooo...
Jonas, it *wasn’t* my fault, really.
I believe you, okay?
Jonas, don’t... just don’t think of me like...
I don’t, I won’t.
Jonas, it was… awful, alright? It’s *still* awful, and I...
I know… I know, it’s okay, I know.
Yeah, I have.
But right now, we’re going to break into that office. And we’re gonna find the key.
And we’re going to go home.
No.
No? What do you mean...
All the outs in free.
Okay… just take it slow.
You’ve… just been through something.
We... I think we were hoping you could tell us that.
But, I don’t even know if it matters, you’re here now.
Now, you tell me…
What would give me purpose to feel like that.
I see.
There’s *no other way* this story goes.
She *creates* *chaos*, she’s a *storm chaser*.
Because of *her*!
Like, do you *understand* who you’re living with?
She’s a *pox*, Jonas!
She makes *bad things* happen!
I... I can’t even *believe* we’re talking about this right now.
She’s...
*Enough*. I mean it.
Um, that’s a complicated question. Clarissa, are you alright?
Man, Ren, what was... what was all that about?
I am really the wrong person to ask that.
Clarissa, are you alright?
Steady, just... take it easy…
Are you sure?
Because you took… quite a little tumble...
Nothing else?
That stuff you were saying… you seemed… upset.
You don’t know how you got up there?
You remember that part at least, right, being up on the thing?
You really don’t remember anything?
Clarissa, seriously, I can vouch for this, this isn’t her fault.
Uh, there is no “purpose” for that since Alex didn’t do anything wrong.
Boy, I envy you, Ren. You’ve gotten to just see… *one* side of Alex your entire life.
You haven’t seen *this* half.
Ren, I know you’re her friend, but you have absolutely no idea what you’re talking about.
Clarissa, please don’t make this about you and her, it’s not.
Ren, I know you like to *block it out*, but this town looks at her like she has a red letter tattooed on her frickin’ forehead...
Clarissa…
Didn’t she tell you?!
Like, do you *understand* who you hang out with?
I *know* what happened, Clarissa, of course I do, I wore my first *suit* at the guy’s funeral.
There is no *way* she told you *really* what happened.
I’d *love* to hear how she framed it to you, Ren. “A freak accident,” right? Nope!
The only reason Michael *drowned* is because *she* convinced him to go swimming in Horn Lake while she could barely flap her arms!
She’s a *pox*, Ren!
Okay, I’m not listening to this anymore!
I... I can’t even *believe* we’re talking about this right now.
Stop it. Right now. I mean it.
Ren, it *wasn’t* my fault, really.
You don’t have to convince me of anything, Alex. Believe me.
Ren, don’t... just don’t think of me like...
I don’t even know why I’m... of *course* you would take her side.
I’m on the *side* of the person who’s not making things *worse* right now, Clarissa. That’s it.
Ren, it was… awful, alright? It’s *still* awful, and I...
Now, we’re going to break into that office and we’re gonna find the damn key and we’re gonna go home.
No? What do you...
She’s... I think so. Clarissa, are you okay?
Man, Nona, what was that all that about?
I don’t know.
Clarissa, are you alright?
You scared the crap out of us.
Okay… are you sure?
Cause… that didn’t look… great.
That was a while ago.
You were like... I mean, were you like sleepwalking? Or? Can you remember, or…?
You don’t remember how you got here?
Really?
So… you’re just blank.
Clarissa, really… this isn’t her fault, she tried to help you.
I don’t... I think you were dreaming, Clarissa. Don’t, like, read into it.
See, Nona, I told you… this... it’ll *never* end with her.
Nona, c’mon, you *know* her.
No, c’mon, Clarissa, let’s not do this right now.
No, you have to know... she *has* to know that the town looks at her like she’s got a red letter tattooed on her frickin’ forehead...
Clarissa…
So who *else* would’ve caused tonight!
You tell me!
Clarissa, I *know* you’re upset, but this is not...
Have you ever even *heard* the story? You wanna know *why* Michael drowned two years ago?
She’s a *pox*.
Okay, I’m sorry, but *enough*, Clarissa, that’s enough.
It’s too much right now, I can’t... I can’t believe...
Seriously, enough.
Nona, it *wasn’t* my fault, really.
I don’t... just, Alex, this is none of my business, okay? None.
I thought you would... *Jesus Christ* can’t you be *with* me with this.
I *am* with you, Clarissa, but…
Nona, don’t... just don’t think of me like...
Nona, it was… awful, alright? It’s *still* awful, and I...
But we came here to do a thing and that thing is gonna get us home.
So let’s get home.
Clarissa, what are you...
Wait, it’s Clarissa’s turn already?
Yeah, it’s my turn, what do you mean, “It’s Clarissa’s turn already.”
I haven’t even asked one question.
Everyone’s asking me, I get to do the asking now.
[laughs a little]
Explain why me and my best friend…
And your idiot best friend…
And your new step brother are all screwed.
And you of all of people should know what my question is gonna be cause I’m not gonna waste it.
Alex. What did you do.
Wait, what’s going on? We’re back at the... huh?
It’s Clarissa’s turn.
Yeah, it’s Clarissa’s turn.
Are you... are you controlling this?
It’s, uh, my *turn* if that’s what you mean…
Guys, okay, I know you think we’re still playing Truth or Slap or whatever, but this isn’t *real*, so...
Well, wait, Clarissa hasn’t gotten a chance to ask something yet, so..
Yeah.
Michael was gonna leave town! He was free, he was *outta here* until *this* one convinced him to take her *swimming* for one last *God knows what!*
And he drowned!
He drowned in Horn Lake while this one could barely flap her arms!
[Incoherent mumbling]
Maybe this isn’t a good idea. I mean, don’t you feel a little like a rabbit chasing a strung up carrot?
So, let’s..... wait, wasn’t... wasn’t Clarissa with us like two seconds ago?
That’s crazy, she was... it was like she was just here.
Did she run back to the gate?
But really, wasn’t Clarissa with us like a second ago?
Or...
Yeah, she *was* but... we were time looped or *whatever* again, so… God only knows where she is now.
Damn it. Yeah, she *was* just here.
Wait, I’m getting… it’s deja vu again, are we... did we get glitched again?
Clarissa? Clarissa was just... she was by the monument.
You know, I don’t... I don’t understand… how what we did in that *cave* is making... making any of this happen.
Like, *what* are the triangles, what are the gates…
What are the... why are there *ghosts*, why is...
Why is any of this happening?
Uh, maybe tuning in just... knocked everything… off center a bit?
But I mean I might as well be talking about flying carpets cause… just who knows with this stuff.
I don’t know if I buy the whole… *we’re* causing it thing. The ghosts could be… messing with stuff, messing with us, I don’t know.
It’s not even our fault, we just... I mean, how does a *radio* have this sort of effect! On anything! It doesn’t! It can’t!
Okay, well… I’m not gonna… whatever, we’re here to get the key, and then we can leave and put *all* of this *far* behind us… let’s do it, the Office is right here.
Let’s get in, c’mon, Alex.
I’m gonna need your help with the door thing, I’m sure.
Hey. Whoah. *Man*, do you... do you ever get deja vu?
Geez, I just got like a serious thing of goosebumps from one.
Boy.
Hoo boy. I got a *massive* basket of deja vu dumped on my head just now.
You ever get that?
[shudders]
I haven’t had one of those since I saw those two brown dogs.
Yes. I have gotten ... and presumably will continue to get ... deja vu.
It’s like a... it feels like an iguana running up and down your spine or something. Yeesh.
Uh, I guess you don’t remember, like, anything that just happened... right?
Uhhhh think I’m gonna need a refresher… so….
Constantly. I’m like… the Empress of deja vu, it’s kinda been my... it’s kinda been like the *theme* of the whole night, really.
I would’ve thought *ghosts* would be the theme, but, okay, I’ll roll with it.
Alright, the office is like right there, so. Let’s do it.
I mean, judging by your face it was probably bad.
But… that’s about par for the course going by the night’s, uh, pattern.
Clarissa, like, totally freaking out on me? Blaming me for... for everything? More than everything?
Um, I remember... I kinda remember Clarissa being… strange. Yeah, I’m going with that, strange.
But that’s it.
Uh, Clarissa being *possessed* and shrieking at me would probably be the big kahuna here.
Okay, well, we came here for the key, or whatever it’s gonna end up being that let’s us into the gate, so… Alex, let’s… get in the office.
We all know why we’re here, right? To get the key from the office? Just checking, cause… we’re not exactly, like, doing that.
It’s so weird, it’s like… cold mice feet on your skin, or something.
Um, to what “anything” are you referring?
Like… like just now? Um, nope, I don’t really remember that.
Exactly...
I… huh, I *sorta* can picture Clarissa being, like, *weird*, or something… but… I dunno, it’s kind of a blur, to be honest.
Okay, well, the… the office that we gotta try to get into is, like, right here, so… let’s try and whatever our way in.
We’re gonna... we’re gonna try and get into the office… thing… right? To get the key?
Alex, wanna try and get the key for the gate? You know, the… reason we’re here?
Oh, I didn’t know.
Hey. Whoah. *Man*, do you... do you guys ever get deja vu?
Geez, I just got like a serious thing of goosebumps from one.
Geez, I just got like a serious thing of goosebumps from one.
Boy.
Yes. I have gotten ... and presumably will continue to get ... deja vu.
It’s so weird, it’s like… cold mice feet on your skin, or something.
Uh, I guess you don’t remember, like, anything that just happened... right?
Um, to what “anything” are you referring?
Exactly?
*What*! Where is she?
Okay.
Constantly. I’m like… the Empress of deja vu, it’s kinda been my... it’s kinda been like the *theme* of the whole night, really.
Oh, I didn’t know.
It’s so weird, it’s like… cold mice feet on your skin, or something.
We’re gonna... we’re gonna try and get into the office… thing… right? To get the key?
Alex, wanna try and get the key for the gate? You know, the… reason we’re here?
Hoo boy. I got a *massive* basket of deja vu dumped on my head just now.
You ever get that?
[shudders]
I haven’t had one of those since I saw those two brown dogs.
Yes. I have gotten ... and presumably will continue to get ... deja vu.
It’s like a... it feels like an iguana running up and down your spine or something. Yeesh.
Uh, I guess you don’t remember, like, anything that just happened... right?
Uhhhh think I’m gonna need a refresher… so….
I mean, judging by your face it was probably bad.
But… that’s about par for the course going by the night’s, uh, standards.
Constantly. I’m like… the Empress of deja vu, it’s kinda been my... it’s kinda been like the *theme* of the whole night, really.
I would’ve thought *ghosts* would be the theme, but, okay, I’ll roll with it.
It’s like a... it feels like an iguana running up and down your spine or something. Yeesh.
Okay, well, we came here for the key, or whatever it’s gonna end up being that let’s us into the gate, so… Alex, let’s… get in the office.
We all know why we’re here, right? To get the key from the office? Just checking, cause… we’re not exactly, like, doing that.
Alright, teamwork.
Alright, let’s see if Ren’s plan was a good one or not.
Cross your fingers and hold your thumbs.
Ren’s a good egg. If he thinks there’s something in here, there probably is.
I once saw him guess the *exact* change in his couch cushion. Down to the nickel.
Good for him.
Well, I guess we’ll find out, won’t we.
I’m sure it’s here. Uh, somewhere.
The key better be here...
I just wish I could remember what else she said... like, where they even keep *keys* or… like, where they stored the mail and stuff.
I’m… sure he’s right.
And besides we’re kind of actually trusting his sister more than we’re trusting *him*, and… Allie’s no dummy, so.
Yeah.
Alright, teamwork.
I’m… sure he’s right.
And besides we’re kind of actually trusting his sister more than we’re trusting *him*, and… Allie’s no dummy, so.
Cross your fingers and hold your thumbs.
Well, I guess we’ll find out, won’t we.
What does it even look like?
Yeah.
I mean, that gate’s like built for a compound.
Alright, teamwork.
Oh yeah, this a sure thing.
Allie wouldn’t make up something so boring.
Ren’s a good egg. If he thinks there’s something in here, there probably is.
I once saw him guess the *exact* change in his couch cushion. Down to the nickel.
Oh, yeah! I was on *fire* that April... that was a good month for prognosticating.
Cross your fingers and hold your thumbs.
Well, I guess we’ll find out, won’t we.
I just wish I could remember what else she said... like, where they even keep *keys* or… like, where they stored the mail and stuff.
Oh, it’s here. It’s definitely here. I’ll bet Allie’s life on it.
Yeah, it was more just to say it out loud.
Uh, I think here’s something.
It’s another pocket radio, I... I think, but… it’s like… there’s *way* more stations on the dial.
It says that... here’s another one. It says they’re “WAL Radios.”
WAL stands forrrr... “Wave Assisted Lock.”
Oh, they use... it’s that frequency thing, where each frequency is like a key to open the doors around here.
Ahh, okay, cool, great.
Really? How does it work…?
I’m not… entirely… sure, but… it looks pretty simple according to the, uh, thing here.
You just tune into whatever the signal is and… uh…. that should be it.
Great, let’s hike it back to the gate.
Oh wait, look at this.
“Personal effects of Margaret Dorothy Adler.”
Why would *her* stuff be here? Didn’t her family, or, like... *hasn’t* her family been carting her things back to town?
Oh, uh, maybe we shouldn’t mess with it, then…
We came in here to steal a key to her property, Alex, we can… slightly *dishevel* a box of her old junk.
We can head back, I’m just gonna… here. This is…
“To whom it should concern,” this is a letter from her.
“This island, and its history, is a lie.”
What? What could that mean?
What... what is that, who’s it for?
“To whom it should concern,” it says right at the top.
Wait, isn’t she dead? Didn’t she die like yesterday or something?
It’s dated a month ago, but... here, just listen.
“I have been compelled by both forces outside my control and my own willful concern for the safety of others… to conceal the many truths about Edwards Island.”
“Forces outside her control?” Like… like *ghosts*, or the... the army, or what was she talking about?
I don’t know.
“The safety of others?” If she’s talking about tuning into floating shapes, that ship has sailed.
Shhh!
“Many truths?”
“Inside, you’ll find two WAL-equipped radios.”
Scavenger hunt, scavenger hunt, scavenger hunt!
Wait!
Oh God, chores. I don’t care if the soldiers secretly smoked opium or got the village wives pregnant, I just wanna get out of here.
*Alright*, just... lemme finish.
Huh? What the Hell is she talking about?
… and that will somehow lead us to, like, information or secret stuff or... something.
“My hope is that by enshrouding the intelligence in such an obtuse manner, its detection will discourage most innocent seekers.”
“Thereby allowing it to befall the *correct*...,” Correct is underlined, “...person.”
“Correct person,” that’s totally us!
*Slow* down. There’s more.
“Correct person,” it’s like she *knew* I would find it.
Good luck, lady.
“To whosoever finds the material, know that I am discomfited for keeping it hidden... and ashamed for the lies I helped preserve.”
“But also know that I acted in what... I felt were the best interests for all at the time.”
Christ, this is a... this is like *literally* a treasure map.
Please, do *not* get glassy eyes over this, okay?
You... *we* do not have to dig up some old lady’s recycling, we can just go home.
I’ve had... I’ve seriously had, like, *dreams* about this! Finding a secret, digging it up, it turning out to be a mechanical unicorn…
Yeah, there is *no* *way* I’m going *back* all over the island to find Maggie’s long lost journal entries or jarred pickles or *whatever* is buried out there.
No, totally agree.
“And truly... for the interest of time itself.”
And then it’s just signed, uh, Margaret Adler.
“And not the easily distracted military mind…”
“Nor the typically bewildered excursionist.”
“Find it... and discover the true chronicle of the island.”
“But now, I feel any further inaction...”
“...may carry a far greater risk.”
Wow, well… this is going somewhere.
It says that you use them like identification tags.
It must work for the gate, too.
It says that... here’s another one. It says they’re “WAL Radios?”
“Wave Assisted Lock.” Huh.
I guess it says it’s that frequency thing, where each frequency is like a key to open the doors around here.
They used them like identification tags, I think.
It must open the gate, too.
I’m not… positive, but… it looks like you just tune into whatever the signal is and… uh…. that should be it.
Oh cool, check this out.
“Personal effects of Margaret Dorothy Adler.”
No no no we should definitely mess, I mean… here, look, it’s a letter.
We can head back, I’m just gonna… here. This is…
“To whom it should concern,” classic opening.
“This island, and its history, is a lie.”
Wow! Firing on all cylinders right at the start.
“To whom it should concern,” see, it says right at the top.
The date says it was written a month ago, but here… wait.
“I have been compelled by both forces outside my control and my own willful concern for the safety of others… to conceal the many truths about Edwards Island.”
“But now, I feel any further inaction...”
“...may carry a far greater risk.”
Who knows.
Shhh!
“Inside, you’ll find two WAL-equipped radios.”
“Find it... and discover the true chronicle of the island.”
Yeah yeah yeah hold on.
Okay, well that’s *your* opinion, lemme finish this here.
… and that will somehow someway take us to, like, secret treasure I’m just gonna assume or... something.
“My hope is that by enshrouding the intelligence in such an obtuse manner, its detection will discourage most innocent seekers.”
“Thereby allowing it to befall the *correct*...,” Correct is underlined, “...person.“
“To whosoever finds the material, know that I am discomfited for keeping it hidden... and ashamed for the lies I helped preserve.”
“But also know that I acted in what... I felt were the best interests for all at the time.”
“And truly... for the interest of time itself.”
Signed, Margaret Adler.
“And not the easily distracted military mind…”
“Nor the typically bewildered excursionist.”
It is *not* literally a treasure map, it is *literally* some old woman’s diuretic ramblings.
We got the “key,” the radio, that’s the main thing.
Okay, hold up, please.
Well… maybe, we’ll just run across one of ‘em or something.
Pretty, uh, interesting… at least.
Ooo, neato, here’s another one. It says they’re “WAL Radios?”
“Wave Assisted Lock.” Whatever that means.
Oh, duh, it says right here that each frequency is like a key to open the doors around here.
So they’re like ID tags or something.
It must work for the gate, too.
Like you just tune into the signal at one of the lock boxes and you’re in, I think.
Oh wait wait here’s like... wait, what is this?
“Personal effects of Margaret Dorothy Adler.”
No no no we should definitely mess, I mean… here, look, it’s a letter.
No, we can start back, I just wanna… okay, here...
“To whom it should concern.”
“This island, and its history, is a lie.”
Geez. She didn’t have fond memories of this place, did she.
“To whom it should concern,” it says right here.
Uhhh, it’s dated a month, ago… so.
“I have been compelled by both forces outside my control and my own willful concern for the safety of others… to conceal the many truths about Edwards Island.”
“But now, I feel any further inaction...”
“...may carry a far greater risk.”
Lemme finish, then!
Shhh!
“Inside, you’ll find two WAL-equipped radios.”
““Find it... and discover the true chronicle of the island.”
Wait, wait.
Yeah, totally.
… and that will lead us to buried something or other? I dunno.
““My hope is that by enshrouding the intelligence in such an obtuse manner, its detection will discourage most innocent seekers.”
“Thereby allowing it to befall the *correct*...,” Correct is underlined, “...person.”
“And not the easily distracted military mind…”
“Nor the typically bewildered excursionist.”
“To whosoever finds the material, know that I am discomfited for keeping it hidden... and ashamed for the lies I helped preserve.”
“But also know that I acted in what... I felt were the best interests for all at the time.”
“And truly... for the interest of time itself.”
“Margaret Adler.”
Well… kinda. It’s neat, but… I dunno, we should probably just get home before we, like, die.
Yeah, we’ve all had the mechanical unicorn dream but I think I’m ready to just go home, to be totally… face up with you.
Yeah, no, maybe next time, or… never.
Weird lady.
“I have commandeered the old Cardinal Station, 140.1, and used it to relay clues to nearby beacons buried throughout the area.”
“Find these beacons, and the notes within…”
“And discover the true chronicle of the island.”
It’s like if we use these new radios, we can tune to 140.1 and hear, like, instructions that will lead us to buried stuff. I dunno.
“I have commandeered the old Cardinal Station, 140.1, and used it to relay clues to nearby beacons buried throughout the area.”
“Find these beacons, and the notes within…”
“And discover the true chronicle of the island.”
It’s like if we use these new radios, we can tune into 140.1...
“I have commandeered the old Cardinal Station, 140.1, and used it to relay clues to nearby beacons buried throughout the area.”
“Find these beacons, and the notes within…”
“And discover the true chronicle of the island.”
It’s like if we use these new radios, we can tune to 140.1...
Well, this is the Parks and Facilities building… but it’s locked.
Yeah, okay, I mean, yeah that’s why we came here, but… statue girl’s having a bit of an issue right now.
Don’t you think we should just like…
Fix that first?
You know what, *honestly* Jonas, I don’t really care right now!
I just want to get that key and get on the boat, and if we have to carry her ass there, then we’ll do it, okay?
Well, *I’m* not carrying her and Ren’s half your size so just help her now, okay, please.
We need that key, Jonas, or the *code* or… whatever it is that will unlock the gate. Clarissa can mumble to herself for two minutes.
Maybe being in this... this *state* or whatever for two minutes will give her brain damage, you ever think of that!
There’s probably a ghost kicking around in her gray matter up there, overturning chairs so…
Come on, let’s… tune it out or whatever.
Oh, please! Brain damage?!
We don’t know! Nobody knows! So let’s do what we *do* know and help Clarissa.
Alright, alright, fine.
Yeah. Good point.
Okay, I’ll just answer my own question. “Yes, we need to fix that, first.”
Yeah, this isn’t budging.
The lock looks, uh, less than modern… let’s just brute force it, both of us.
It might splinter, but…
We should get in.
“Brute force it?” What is that supposed to mean?
Elbow grease, shoulder, uh, lard. We’re gonna break down the door, okay, us, together.
I don’t get enough breaking down doors in my life, really, so I’m not gonna complain.
Wait, what about like the alarms?
Yeah. Please, come and arrest us, just get me outta here.
One.
Two.
Three!
[grunt]
[grunt]
[grunt]
[grunt]
I’m only one man, Alex, so… help me out here.
Alex, it’s an old lock but it’s still a lock, I can’t do it alone.
Alex. C’mon.
Man, if I knew then what I know now...
“To sign up for the Aquatics program… please register at the front desk.”
Yahh!
Ahhh!
Ahhh!
*Okay*, has that happened before?
Oh yeah. It’s… I feel like we’re like a call in show or something for them.
Nice.
Yeah, but… you’ll get used to it.
*Yes*. Frequently. It keeps gettin’ funnier, too. Thanks, guys!
Ahhh!
Holy *Christmas* is that like a thing that happens now?
Cause I think that shaved off like ten years.
*Good* years, too, not the back half.
Oh yeah. It’s… I feel like we’re like a call in show or something for them.
Oh *goodie*, thanks guys.
Yeah, but… you’ll get used to it.
I don’t really want to.
*Yes*. Frequently. It keeps gettin’ funnier, too. Thanks, guys!
Hey, know what kind of jet that is?
Nope.
Not a chance.
I go looking for trivia, I end up with disappointment.
It looks like it was painted in an acrylic matte gel, if that helps?
Cool. Carry on.
Uh, I think it’s a Banshee. Used a lot in the Korean War. Actually, it... oh wait, it’s a *Banshee*.
That’s funny, right? We’re dealing with ghosts and a Banshee’s painted on the ceiling?
Right?
It’s, like, I mean it’s not hilarious or whatever but it’s, uh, *comical*.
Uhhh, maybe that went over my head, but…
Cause a banshee’s a spirit? C’mon, Alex, you know this, I mean, anyone who reads *comic books* knows this.
Oh, just *forget it*.
I think you’re reaching there.
“Reaching?!” *C’mon*, that’s... that’s... that’s, I mean it’s not *gold* but it’s silver, *bronze* at least.
Just forget I asked, okay, do me that favor.
You *know* it’s great.
Alex, *c’mon*, we can… break down the door or whatever *after* we fix Clarissa, alright?
C’mon, you’ve been dealing with stuff like this all night, can’t you help me?
Uh, *sure*, but we should probably help Clarissa right now, don’t you think?
Since she’s like… not doing too well?
Like *really* not well?
You know what, *honestly* Ren, I don’t really care right now!
If you wanna *climb* up there and get her, be my guest, but until we find a *forklift*, why don’t you try and work your magic and wake her up!
We need that key, Ren, or the *code* or… whatever it is that will unlock the gate. Clarissa can mumble to herself for two minutes.
No, I’d actually kinda prefer we fix the pressing, right in our face problem of Clarissa’s brain dying from ghost fever right now.
Just, c’mon, let’s try and fix her, first.
Alright, we’re kicking this baby in.
Like a... a Western or something.
It’ll be fun.
Really? That’s it, that’s gonna work.
You’re darn right it is, I got the... I got the legs, you got the wide, baby-birthin’ shoulders, let’s do this.
Um… I don’t know about that. I think… yeah, I think we can just bust our way through, honestly.
The lock looks pretty worn.
I think we should try it.
“Bust our way through?” What is that supposed to mean?
We’re gonna just, like, *bust* our way through, just like I said.
Alright, on the count of three, okay?
[grunt]
Alex, what... what is...
What do you... like, is there...
What... what is...
[grunt]
Oh, do it with me, okay?
Just… it’ll be on three, alright?
I’ll be honest, Alex, I’m gonna need some help here…
Just, uh, can you help me with this?
Okay, please, you gotta help me with this or it’s never gonna budge.
Alright, seriously, I’m gonna need your weight, too.
Never gets old.
[mumbling mumbling mumbling]
Just need a little air, that’s all.
You’re as bad as a little baby, I’m still here, don’t worry.
I’m just saying, we need to get the thing, that’s all.
Come back, c’mon, let’s find the key.
I need you. Seriously. Got a key to find.
No, wait, we don’t have the... we don’t have whatever’s gonna get us through that gate.
I’m resigned to the fact that there most likely *is* no *magic key* that’s gonna get us home, Jonas.
I’m resigned to the fact that there most likely *is* no *magic key* that’s gonna get us home, Jonas.
Let’s face it. We’re island folk now.
I won’t hear that kind of talk, alright?
I mean, If you wanna run around, fine, but we really should find what we came here for.
I just wanna run around a little bit before really settling into the, uh, the mission at hand or whatever.
I mean, If you wanna run around, fine, but we really should find what we came here for.
I mean, If you wanna run around, fine, but we really should find what we came here for.
Where you going? We haven’t gotten the thing yet.
We need your peepers for peeping over here. Got a key to find, c’mon.
Wait, we haven’t... we didn’t find the key, yet, come back.
I’m still right here, don’t worry.
Wait, Alex… we can’t go back there without the key, they’re depending on us. *Nona* is depending on *me*.
If you wanna, like, take a breather or something, fine, but… we should really accomplish our goal, you know?
I’m resigned to the fact that there most likely *is* no *magic key* that’s gonna get us home, Ren.
We’re not *island folk*, alright, and there *is* a key here, and we *really* should get it, so… c’mon.
Ooh ooh hold up, don’t... don’t leave, we got an escape key to find.
Look, if you need to stretch your legs, okay, I won’t tackle you, but… there *is* gonna be a key here, I can feel it in my bones.
I’m resigned to the fact that there most likely *is* no *magic key* that’s gonna get us home, Nona.
Whoah, oh my God, is this, like... have you done this before?
What is... what is even happening right now?
This is *insane*.
Yeah, I got this, don’t worry.
Uh… a few times. But it’s just like riding a bike, you know, you do it twice on grass, you’re a pro.
Oh, Alex, I mean… wait, maybe this isn’t a great idea. We didn’t come here for this…
I just wanna... I’m sorry, I just wanna see what it’ll do, if there’s a... a ghost here or something…
Ehhh, maybe? But… I don’t know…
Alex, what are you... Christ, is this like something you do now?
What... what is... what’s happening?
Are you doing this on purpose?
Don’t you think we should leave this one alone?
Well… that was nutty.
God, I just wish my, like, perception of the entire foundation of the natural world could stop changing every ten minutes.
Much. Improved.
[quietly] Oh wow.
[quietly] Man.
[quietly nervous] Oh… Alex…?
I don’t understand. Why can’t you just leave us alone?
Alone. Time out. Is what you’ll be. If wanted.
Are you… are you keeping us here?
No. The island. Keeps us all. Zoned.
Can’t you just... can’t you *stop* this. *Please*. Can’t you just let us leave?
If we could. Stop. We would. Not. How it works.
Alex, what... what is...[gets cut off]
Shhhhhhhhh.
What do you... like, is there...[gets cut off]
What... what is...[gets cut off]
Many times. Must we say. You. Can. Not. Get out.
Talk. To radio. As much. As you like. Other Alex. Will not Help.
Betwixt. We are.
And. Joined. In always.
Wait, but *why* won’t what we’re doing help?
Why? There is no why. You opened. The gate. And sang. Descant.
“Talk to the radio?” You mean… those transmitter things?
Just... can’t you just tell us what you need to get out of here, to go... to go *home* or... or whatever, whatever you call it?
No use. In try.
“Holiday.” That doesn’t, uh, sound so bad… I guess.
[angry-sigh] It’s like these guys can’t speak in anything but brain teasers.
You should be very impressed I did not pass out during that.
I am, Ren. I am.
Hey, I haven’t passed out all night, and I’ve seen some stuff that would *rapidly* age you.
Okay, it’s not a not-passing out contest.
Yeah, it’s a little annoying.
Hey, they gave us some stuff to chew on. We know... well, we think we know we *might* be able to talk to, like, a *past* version of us or something... Or… well, maybe not.
[sarcastic] Yes, the pieces are all falling into place, clearly.
Yes. Let’s pick the *one* good word they said and hug it for dear life.
Sounds good to me.
Maybe… I dunno. One guy’s holiday is another guy’s endless lines and overpriced food.
Okay, and we’re meeting… who again?
My sister, Allison.
It’s just that... I just thought you said the last ferry leaves in like half an hour.
It does but… look, Allie owes me *big* for the lawnmower thing that I promised to keep in Forever Secrets Land and she... she knows how important tonight is, so…
She will definitely come here and she will definitely buy us whatever we want with her very believable fake ID.
Oh, I’m... I’m not worried.
Ren, Allison’s flaked more times than I can count, and we really shouldn’t miss the ferry. I don’t think Karen’ll wait very long.
No no, Karen knows the deal, she’ll give us a grace period.
Neither of you has a fake ID? I mean… Ren, doesn’t the Treasury Office even let you use their laminating machine...
They do, they do, but it’s a privilege I’ve been sworn not to abuse, *Alex*...
Which coincidentally I’ve already *done* by making a bunch of car insurance mascot trading cards with it.
Wait, I never heard about a lawnmower thing, what lawnmower thing?
Well… I swore I wouldn’t talk about it. So.
It just involves Randall’s still missing gerbil and a lot of blade cleaner.
Wait. What.
I said I wouldn’t say anything, don’t pressure me!
Ugh, ew.
Hey, I want on the record that whatever you’re thinking right now is your own personal extrapolation so I’m still in the clear, keeping secrets-wise.
Sure.
Ugh, forget I asked.
Oh no, poor Captain Nibbles! I always wondered what happened to him…
I don’t even know what we’re doing, so.
Are we… I heard something about an island…
Don’t spoil it, don’t spoil it, I want to give you like the grand summation once we’re under way…
If *Allie* would ever get here.
Okay… here’s the... okay, Alex bring out the radio, tune to a random station, and… if it’s somebody talking we’ll give her another five minutes, but if it’s *music* we’ll break off now.
We’ll let the stupid universe decide if stupid Allie is gonna stupid get here or not.
So… like... any station will do.
For the purposes of this… thing.
Just tune to anything, really.
Yeah, did you record something at the school station?
Or… what?
Seriously, Jonas, do you know who you have as a new sister?
I have goosebumps! Feel my arm!
You know you could’ve just said, “Ren, let’s not spend the night on an island’s forbidden beach filled with wonder and mystery!”
I would’ve understood! Well not really, but I would’ve tried!
There’s a word for it…
Right?
Alright, I guess that means...
Alex, this is…. you, okay? Just… don’t go into the cave. Whatever you do. Don’t go into the cave.
Alex, this is… Alex… Just… don’t use your radio for the rest of the night. Okay? Just don’t use your radio.
Alex, this is… Alex, and… listen, *don’t* come to Edwards Island. Whatever you do, just... just don’t come here. Stay home. Stay... safe.
Hey, uh, Jonas, or... or just to anyone listening, we're trapped in the...
Hey, Clarissa… are you still in the base? We’re in the Comm Room, I think, cause...
Hey, if you’re out there... Alex? We got stranded on Edwards Island… anybody have a...
Hello, hello, anybody out there? Uh, Alex? We missed the last ferry off the island so if anyone can...
Hey, people who are hopefully listening to this... that maybe includes another version of me, I need a connection to emergency services because we...
What… is that...
Alex, is that you?
What… is that...
Alex, is that you?
It, uh… it sounds… kinda like me. Right?
So weird.
Yeah.
Guys, that wasn’t me. Obviously. For one thing, I’m standing right here, for another I’ve never recorded a weird, uh, commercial or whatever that was. It’s just a person with my same sorta voice.
Huh.
It sounded… like… I mean, what were they even saying?
Something about Edwards Island, I think… ?
Something about a ferry, or… I dunno.
Something about emergency services…? I don’t know, I barely made it out.
Something about *Clarissa*, of all people, which is… I don’t know, maybe I misheard, but...
Man, I don’t even know why but it’s kind of, like, giving me like the creeps...
Yeah, it’s, uh, it’s funny, it sort of... it’s weird cause hair-raising radio stuff is part of, like, tonight.
And “tonight” is...
No, man, I am *not* gonna ruin this for you, you’ll be happy when you... I just don’t wanna build expectations if it’s... if it’s not as good as I think it’s gonna be.
Okay, alright.
Thanks for nothing, Allie, you older sister *witch*!
Let’s just head to the boat. There’s no restroom and Karen gets a little ants in the pants if she has to hold it for a second past her shift ending.
Wow! That is some *hardcore* craziness, Alex, I don’t even know *how* you convinced Carly to let you record some spooky ass message for tonight but good friggin’ job, that was *amazing*.
What the Hell is this? That... this doesn’t make any sense.
What does this mean?
What do you mean what does it mean?
Ren, *what* are you talking about, I have *no idea* what that was, I never said that, I... I don’t even *know* Carly!
Um, I don’t think Alex did this…
C’mon, Alex, fun is fun, but…
Wait, you’re honestly telling me you don’t have anything to... oh my God, I don’t even know why I’m playing into this.
What does, “Don’t go into the cave,” mean?
It’s because of tonight, it was the whole… thing of it.
Is that where we’re supposed to go? Edwards Island?
Yeah, that’s where we’re supposed to go, but…
Why does it matter if you use your radio?
Look, Alex, you didn’t have to go to all this trouble if you just wanted to sit in my den and watch that Swedish cartoon about the donkey carpenter for the eight hundredth time, instead.
Ren, I really didn’t do this, really! I don’t... I’m as confused as you are!
No, wait, Ren, it’s... I had nothing to do with this, I don’t care, we can still... we can still go, really!
No, it’s fine, honestly, we’re probably too late to catch the last boat anyway.
And… to be honest, I don’t even think anybody else was gonna go, so… you know, we probably spared ourselves a lame night, truthfully.
Jonas, there’s a pizza place across the street from my house that’s like… the best.
New York, Chicago, they can all go and play with their butts for all I care cause nobody can touch Alfredo’s, swear to God.
Uh, cool, sounds good.
And you guys… you guys just met tonight, right?
Yeah, I’d been out of school and… you know, the timing just hadn’t worked out.
And what are you to him, Alex?
Hello out there? This is, uh, Cave FM, “No. 1 for Cave, Grotto and Subterranean Country.”
Hey, Ren? Nona? Can you guys hear me? It’s Alex, in case you can’t recognize my...
Uh, testing, testing… this is a test of the Beach Cave Emergency System…
[murmurings]
You know, the truth is… we could’ve left… whenever we wanted.
We weren’t… prisoners… of the cave.
Not in whole.
Waiting, and *screaming*...
...at anyone who’d give us so much as a glance.
Then just *leave*, then! Why are you... why are you still here, why not move *on*, of all the...
Then why use my friends, why... why are you *switching* with them, why are you *doing* this?!
Because… really...
What are you talking about? You could “leave?” What does that mean?
Us being here at *all*... is a constant *struggle*.
We’ve had our fingers dug into the cliff’s edge… waiting, and trying, to come back.
You *have* to let go. You *have* to... why... *why* haven’t you just let yourselves be...
What… what happens if you just… let go?
I am *not* sorry for you. You could’ve just… *ended*... at *any* time, I don’t even know *why* you wouldn’t just...
Because it’s *scary*, that’s why!
Have you ever stared into *nothing*, and *moved* with it, and felt *apart* in it!
*Yes*, I have, *actually*!
Oh, what, sitting in your room, *breaking* for your brother... You’re like *this* one!
No, of... of *course* not, but *you* *have* to, no matter how *hard* it is!
No, we don’t “have” to. We don’t *have* to do anything, not anymore.
I can imagine it. Okay? You think contemplating annihilation makes you *special*?
What you can *imagine* is a toddler’s *toy bag* compared to facing real extinction. Don’t speak to us of imagination.
In truth… we don’t know what would happen if we were to just… stop. Stop *clinging*...
And now we don’t ever have to. We have a way *back* now, and it’s *you*.
It’s worse than when we were wilting to atoms!
Worse than… *dying*... the first time.
And we’re going to use it.
You will have to *eventually*, that’s... this is how *life* works, *we’re* gonna die, or... *you’re* gonna die as *us*.
And then we’ll come *back* as you. And we’ll be back in the revolutions… of everything.
You wanna see? You wanna see how it happened? Come here.
Look, I know… you’re afraid of what could happen, but…
We’ve had enough *fear* for several lifetimes. Do you wanna see? You can see, come here.
What about us? Huh? Because you don’t wanna punch out, *we* have to give up our lives *early*?
“You” give up? *We* gave up *everything*!
You wanna see? You wanna see how it happened, come here.
You know what? Here, this’ll help, you can see. You can see how it happened.
Over and over and over again.
Until they can’t hear us anymore… on radar.
*Everyone* just… shuttered us away...
Into a back closet of their thoughts.
A minor desperation?
Did you see the gift shop?
You can buy a little submarine *foot rest* if you fancy that sort of thing.
Looking down on her... kingdom.
Clarissa!
Clarissa! Are you... are you in there!
Clarissa’s… asleep, right now. Be still so as not to wake her.
Whatever you think you can do… you can’t.
We’re not going back, we *won’t*... go back.
Wait, stop!
Child. Wait your turn.
Did you get… lost? Or are you just extraordinarily forgetful.
We had a contract *burned* into this girl’s spinal column, Alex.
You shouldn’t be here for our… transition.
Leave for the boat before we get *distressed*.
I... I changed my mind, there’s no more *arrangement*, okay? I want Clarissa *back* and *unharmed* right now.
My *friends* wouldn’t take the deal. So… now this is my problem.
Get better friends.
I know my friends, and… they wouldn’t have taken the deal.
I, um, I *can’t* leave, actually, even if I wanted to at this point. The door sealed behind us, I’m... I’m here for Clarissa.
Then you are *lost* to childishness. It’s a *fantasy* you’re living in if you think this will go well for you.
Then you have truly drowned yourself.
Wait, *what* contract, what is she talking about?
Didn’t she tell you, Jonas? She *traded* Clarissa for the rest of your futures.
You did *what?!*
I’m *here* now, aren’t I?! I didn’t run to the boat, I came here to... to get her back.
Alex...
I wanted to... I *tried* to do what was *best*. For *everybody*, not *just* Clarissa who seemed already lost!
Jonas, they’re *lying*, c’mon, you know me, I... I would *never* do something like that!
You are a fascinating creature, Alex, really.
Don’t be so harsh, boy.
Her desperation almost saved your life.
But not anymore.
Why would they do that, if... if you were…
They didn’t *care*, child. It’s sometimes that clean.
How can I fix it, then! Just... just tell me how to fix it, I’m here, I’m in the... the *past* for God’s sakes, can’t I *change* this somehow?
No. You can’t change… before. You can’t change anything.
And they didn’t know it was you!
*Nobody*... barely *anybody* knew, it wasn’t *just* Maggie’s fault or *their* fault, it… it was a catastrophic event.
“A catastrophic event.” You make it sound…
You think it was fated?
Yeah. I, uh, I kinda do… or at least, a, uh, a sort of natural fate. An inevitability.
I mean, that’s how stuff works, you said it yourself... uh, *yourselves*... that everything will happen again and again in the exact same way.
So it was gonna happen no matter what… right?
I don’t believe in fate. Things happen… and the people they happen to.
We can feel us… *binding*. You have maybe just a few *moments* left.
We feel terrible, we do, but... but... you have to know *why*... that everyone *chose* to forget about us.
They built a *monument* for you, how could you say that everyone forgot!
Oh, the *monument*, the memorial, the… *hunk* of metal. It’s a balm for their injured *pride*. That they let one of their own fall.
Wait, I have a minute left till *what*.
Until we are… complete. And you and your people will be where we are now. And we will be out, with the… *real* again.
Wait wait wait, think about... think about what your relatives would think, what your *families* would think. Some of them are still alive!
They would think us *survivors*, if they’d think anything at all.
Maggie remembered! She wanted to help you, it was all she did was... was try and figure out what had happened!
We’ve… watched her. In every timeline, watched her try and… understand.
Was it out of guilt, do you think?
Yes. Guilt. I know the feeling… wanting to make things… right.
All I know is… she *cared*. She did care. About you, and the accident. And yes... what she did.
I don’t know. I won’t… presume to know, but… I’d like to think that she just wanted to know you were okay.
Anything to close the book on us, we guess.
It won’t hurt… we don’t think… the change.
But we hope the trip was worth it. Seeing the… *depraved* tourist trap they’ve built upon our carcass.
C’mon, they’re trying their best. They just wanna, like, commemorate you the only dumb ways they know how.
Yes. Commemorate through commerce. How noble.
Hey, I hate this town more than anyone! In the summer, it’s crowded and loud and... and crass, and yeah, it sucks, it really does!
We can assure you, you don’t hate this town more than *anyone*.
This whole little… *community* is *for* you! They built it up around Fort Milner and for the soldiers that died, it’s all about *that*.
It’s not *for* us! We’ve twisted our bodies *screeching* two *inches* for your faces for you to... to see us!
And you never do!
Maggie *hated* that this... this whole *thing* popped up after the fact, she hated it, she tried to stop it.
*Margaret* built a... a *castle* on a hill. You think she… You think she even thought about us?
Are you kidding? She became like obsessed with you, obsessed with what she had done.
It was, like, her mission to... to help you.
She obviously did. She thought about you a lot, she couldn’t even bring herself to leave, I mean… what more of a sign do you want.
Yeah, I mean… she felt guilty. And she just… she couldn’t get rid of it.
Of course not.
Over and over and over again.
Until they can’t hear us anymore… on radar.
*Everyone* just… shuttered us away...
Into a back closet of their thoughts.
A minor desperation?
Did you see the gift shop?
You can buy a little submarine *foot rest* if you fancy that sort of thing.
Looking down on her... kingdom.
It’s hard to remember… certain things. Our faces went a while ago. Then our names.
It’s hard to remember… certain things. Our faces went a while ago. Then our names.
Our anger... is, we’re afraid, all we have left.
It’s kind of the last stitch…
Keeping it together.
I think… you should leave it behind. Just… I dunno. I just don’t think you need it anymore… if you ever did.
If… that’s really all you have left… then… you can always take it with you.
That’s not all you have. You *know* that’s not all you have.
But maybe that’s not enough anymore.
Maggie had... has... will have... this friend, and... you sort of remind us of her.
Strange girl… odd tempered…
Keep on to that quality. Hold it somewhere safe. As you make your… travels.
Here. Wait. Here it...
Here. Wait. Here it...
Wait. We…
Tell Michael to break up with Clarissa. It’s for the best.
Tell Michael to stay with Clarissa. They like each other a lot.
Don’t tell Michael what to do about Clarissa, okay?
When the time comes, let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Don’t let Jonas talk to his Mom, it’s not good for him.
When Jonas gets on your, uh, case… just do you what you feel is best, alright?
Tell Michael he should go to school here.
Tell Michael he should go out on his own.
Just… don’t try and influence Michael. He can live his own life.
Alex. What’s happening.
I, uh, didn’t realize just how much woods there were.
This is like... this is like a genuine forest.
With like trees.
Wanna turn around?
No, no, I’m just saying, this is like... it’s pretty sprawling, that’s all.
I’ve always liked that word. “Sprawling.”
This is, like, only the front door. Just wait.
Yeah, I thought it was just gonna be… a park or something.
Yeah, it’s like, what… twenty square miles or something? It’s like half the island.
There is a park, but it’s part of the woods.
Whatsamatter? Not the outdoorsy type?
If it’s in a city with concrete and a little open-all-night pancake place, then yeah, I’m outdoorsy in that I’m outdoors.
But I just wanna make sure, you know… that… we know where we’re goin’.
We do know where we’re going, right?
But I was just… I just wanna make sure that we know where we’re going?
Um. Vaguely.
Not, uh, not exactly, no.
Not exactly?
You said that you don’t know exactly where we’re going, though, right?
Well not at all.
I got the map right here, it’s fine.
Great.
Yeah, of course.
It's just over the river and through the wood. Like the song.
Yeah, but in the song, the horse knew the way to carry the sleigh.
Through the white and whatever snow.
I think.
Yeah, and what's your point? That you’d be better off having a horse? When it got tired you could eat it.
Alright, settle down, I just wanna make sure you know where it is.
I do.
That's all I wanna hear.
Well I... mostly do.
Just tell me if we get lost.
We'll be fine. Trust me.
Yes, and in this particular scenario, I am the noble steed who will lead us merrily to grandmother's house.
Grandmother being...
Being Ren, right.
It’s an expression.
Don't, uh, read into that.
Perfect, sounds great.
You know, this whole place really creepily reminds me of a park, or woods I guess near where I used to live.
It really kinda felt just like this.
It's weird.
Well I’m not really surprised. Parks are pretty much… parks. Unless you’re like in Utah or something.
Yeah no I know but… it just had this layout, you know? I dunno.
Oh yeah? What was that one called?
Uh, Peabody. Peabody Park. People’d fly kites there all the time... that’s the main thing I remember about it.
My Dad was really happy to move here, you know? He said the schools were… safer. Less knifings per capita.
Peabody? I think? I’m trying to remember the sign, but, like, half the letters had fallen off so it spelled Pea Pork.
I guess he never considered the danger of… whatever’s happening right now.
But, you know…
Everything’s got something.
No offense, but your town sounds like the worst place on Earth.
Well… it’s not like your town, I’ll put it that way.
Yeah, we once had a mall Santa who was kidnapping kids… I think that’s been so far the scariest thing that’s happened.
Well… I mean, to be fair, that does sound pretty scary.
But I just wanna make sure, you know… that… [gets cut off by glitch]
Didn’t we... didn’t we skip something? Like… a lot of something?
I don’t, uh, think so… but I’ve been told I’d lose my name if I wasn’t born with it, so… [quickly] I can miss stuff is what I’m trying to say here.
Wait. What just... things are happening, I think, that aren’t good. Or maybe.. not?
Um, I don’t… really… know?
This thing’s so weird looking. Apparently it's four hundred years old? There's a cafe in town named after it...
“And next on the tour of Edwards Island…”
“An old bush.“
Yeah, you’re right, who cares. *History*... am I right?
I’m not making fun. It’s just… it’s a tree.
Well *I* think this stuff is interesting. It’s four centuries old, you’re not impressed by that?
It’s a tree, so… not really, no.
W... wait, Jesus, *what* are you doing jumping across that?\r\n
There’s another... there’s like another way down here.
I can’t believe you even made it.
Relax, it’s not as big a jump as it looks.
You, uh, barely made it, but… okay, I guess. Man.
I’ve been here before, remember? We used to skip across here as kids, it’s fine.
You were a buncha psychos to ever try that, but good to know.
Look, Jonas, I do like a million jumping jacks a day, this is nothing.
Oh, I didn’t *realize*, sorry.
W... wait, Jesus, *what* are you doing jumping across that?
There’s another... there’s like another way down here.
I can’t believe you even made it.
Relax, it’s not as big a jump as it looks.
You, uh, barely made it, but… okay, I guess. Man.
I’ve been here before, remember? We used to skip across here as kids, it’s fine.
You were a buncha psychos to ever try that, but good to know.
Look, Jonas, I do like a million jumping jacks a day, this is nothing.
Oh, I didn’t *realize*, sorry.
I think this, like, stuff is getting pulled in from, like, *their* time or… something. This is so weird...
Yeah. It’s not exactly a good omen. I think we’re running out of runway, here...
Hey, Alex, that’s... that’s the wrong way. That’s back to the fields and the Comm Tower.
We should keep on the path.
The station’s up at the top of the hill.
I hope this works.
[Sigh]
The station’s up at the top of the hill.
I hope this works.
God. We’re in another loop de lou. They always come at the most appropriate times, don’t they.
Yeah, they do. Thanks for the update.
Ugh, not this again. We’re in another time maze... thing.
Ugh, okay. We were due, it’s been, like, a minute since the last one.
[Sigh]
The station’s up at the top of the hill.
I hope this works.
Yep. I am also… hope that.
No, we... we talked about this, you were…
It doesn’t matter, what is going on.
The station’s up at the top of the hill.
No, we... we talked about this, you were…
It doesn’t matter, what is going on.
So things are gonna be a little… repeatey and… *off*.
What?
Take it down a tick.
We don’t know what’s going on yet.
*Alex!*
Well it’s the truth, Jonas!
And I’m not gonna stand here and fall for one of these “I’m dead, no I’m not,” shuffleboard *swap* again!
C’mon, let’s skip to the last chapter, I know what’s gonna happen.
What happened?
How?! I mean… yeah, we just saw you, how did this happen?
What happened?
Nona! What are you... what are you doing here?
Nona, what are you talking about?
Why are you here, what’s going on?
Nona, what happened, what’s wrong with Ren?
Nona, whatever, just... tell us, what’s wrong with Ren, what happened?
Okay... Nona, listen to me. We’re in a time loop right now, okay?
A “time loop?”
Nona? Are you...
Ren’s... he’s... he had an accident, he... he *died*, I couldnt...
We just saw... you... and... and him, we just... we just saw you two.
Nona, c’mon, Clarissa was “dead,” too, but like *bunny-ears* dead, not *dead*-dead, because apparently killing yourself doesn’t actually do anything here.
Oh my God. Ren. I can’t... I can’t believe this.
What?! It’s the truth, Jonas!
I’m sorry. I’m sorry, Nona. I didn’t mean anything.
Nona, what happened?
I thought this guy was your *best friend*.
And we don’t *really* know if this is like before.
No, we... we talked about this, you were…
It doesn’t matter, what is going on.
What?
Take it down a tick.
We don’t know what’s going on yet.
Ren!
He... he drowned.
He… took a fall.
I don’t know, he just… he just stopped.
She… she fell.
I mean, does it really matter what happened.
Either way, done is done.
And done… in this case, is particularly done.
Shut up. Okay? Just shut the Hell up, I don’t wanna hear any more of your ghost garbage, alright.
It isn’t garbage and we’re not ghosts, don’t be rude.
I *know* you’re not Jonas. So there’s no use in *pretending*.
Soon, it won’t *be* pretense. It will be absolute.
*Fix* Ren, whatever you wanna call it, I *know* you’re doing it, just *fix* it.
It’s not us doing it dear. We weren’t lying.
The “time loops,” as you’ve taken to calling them which we do find so adorable… are of your own making.
We are just along for the tour.
So don’t blame us for that.
Yeah, sure. Just like you *infesting* us like *lice* isn’t your fault, either.
*That* we have and *will* own up to. But the other stuff, Hell, why we’re even *able* to “infest” you… that, I’m afraid, is on you.
Whatever.
You don’t have much time left. Do you know how we know you don’t have much time left?
Mmm?
*Fix* Ren, whatever you wanna call it, I *know* you’re doing it, just *fix* it.
Okay.
Fine. Shoot. How do you know.
We know… because we can *be* Jonas… for this long… and his soul’s as quiet as an empty church.
Remember what we said about making amends. Be a kindness to your friends while you still hold the opportunity.
That’s one parcel of advice we would give you.
Take it or leave it, of course.
This conversation has about gone to term, don’t you think.
We agree. Not that we could really stay any longer even if we wanted… not yet, at least.
Get... just get *out* of Jonas! Get out of him, he’s not an apartment!
We are, we are, we can’t… stay here any longer, anyway. Not yet, at least.
Believe me, revenant *jackasses*... this isn’t over.
Oh, we believe you that it’s not over. Just… for different reasons.
Be you soon.
*Fix* Ren, whatever you wanna call it, I *know* you’re doing it, just *fix* it.
We’re getting out of here, *all* of us, Ren, too.
I don’t *care*.
Alex, we know you’re in charge and we know your plan and we *also* know that your plan won’t work. It never does.
So we have a proposition for you.
A deal... a *bargain*, really.
And you should take it.
A… a proposition? Like what?
Closing the tear in the... in the cave *might* work, you don’t know that for sure!
We *do* know that for sure, we’ve *seen* others try, we’ve seen *you* try. So pay attention.
What on Earth would give you the idea that *I’m* “in charge,” it’s been like herding puppies the entire night making anyone do anything.
Please, *drop* the modesty. It’s lying for no reason.
It’s already over for Clarissa, she’s gone. We will pilot her through the rest of existence, and there’s nothing you can do to change that.
*But*... if you agree to let us take her, to let her *go*, quietly, and without fuss… we won’t slaughter the rest of your friends like young Reginald here.
We’ll leave the rest of you cattle alone.
We only really *need* the one, anyway.
I don’t get it… why do you even need my permission if... if you *have* her already?
Don’t misunderstand… we don’t *need* anything from you except what we can willingly *take*.
We are merely offering you an arrangement that would leave both parties satisfied.
Alex, we know you’re in charge and we know your plan and we *also* know that your plan won’t work. It never does.
So we have a proposition for you.
A deal... a *bargain*, really.
And you should take it.
Closing the tear in the... in the cave *might* work, you don’t know that for sure!
We *do* know that for sure, we’ve *seen* others try, we’ve seen *you* try. So pay attention.
A… a proposition? Like what?
What on Earth would give you the idea that *I’m* “in charge,” it’s been like herding puppies the entire night making anyone do anything.
Please, *drop* the modesty. It’s lying for no reason.
It’s already over for Clarissa, she’s gone. We will pilot her through the rest of existence, and there’s nothing you can do to change that.
*But*... if you agree to let us take her, to let her *go*, quietly, and without fuss… we won’t slaughter the rest of your friends like young Reginald here.
We’ll leave the rest of you cattle alone.
We only really *need* the one, anyway.
No. No... no way, I’m saving *everyone*, *everyone* is coming home with me, we’re *all* getting out of here.
Courage is not always the way, dear.
Take her, then.
You know, it’s not often that we meet someone your age that’s as... *mature* as you are, Alex.
I know what I’m doing, don’t... patronize me.
We know that you know.
As you were, Alex. We’ve enjoyed… engaging with you, tonight.
Just… just leave. Please.
Very well.
I don’t get it… why do you even need my permission if... if you *have* her already?
Don’t misunderstand… we don’t *need* anything from you except what we can willingly *take*.
We are merely offering you an arrangement that would leave both parties satisfied.
You really understand things.
It’s been surprising.
Well, *somewhat* satisfied.
Your friends would be fine.
And your not-so-friend… is of none of your concern, anyway.
Forget it, no deal. *Everyone’s* coming home with me.
Well, you can’t say we never tried.
Just never say. We didn’t provide you. All. The rules.
Ahh, now, we’re *sure* you remember this part.
Why keep *doing* this, then, why keep... why torture me, torture my friends, try and… try and take us over if you *know* it’s not going to work!
Alex… the rules are a little more complicated than you think, dear.
It feels good to break script here, we’ll admit.
You and us… we’ve played these parts for a long time, and... we will continue play them, forever, in a conscription by God.
But not all existences are made equal, child, and so we will continue to try and wear your forms like opening our own personal escape hatch...
“Break script?” What are you talking about?
It’s helpful to think of this as all a little play. And we are all just our parts.
If you really lean in, you forget you thought you ever had a choice in the matter.
C’mon, just *stop* already! You’re changing things right now, we... I don’t remember this conversation, I remember this... this moment, but...
You can push and pull… but you can’t leave the stream.
Every millionth time we say something new. It’s our only remaining hobby.
And... and there’s *no way* to break the cycle, to... to get out of the loop? We’re just doomed, that’s it?
*You* are. We are, too. The other ones… who’s to say.
Or it doesn’t.
Alright, that’s enough deviation for one round. Let’s get back to it, shall we?
You know the deal. You give us Clarissa.
Maybe not all the little details, but…
The death of a companion can’t be that simple to wash away.
And we will continue.
Forever.
Until it works...
And maybe we let you go free.
It’s up to you.
You couldn’t have known, I mean, you *obviously* couldn’t have known that *any* of this was gonna happen.
Just… nevermind.
We don’t know what *sticks*, *truly*, until we’re *outside* of the time loop.
Okay, I’m… sorry.
Okay, fine! I’m here, I’m… “present,” I don’t know what to do, I don’t... I don’t know what to say.
Look, I know this is *hard*, but... we all need to suck in our guts right now and *focus*.
That’s... that’s not a waste of anything. It’s not meaningless, even now, to wanna… be with somebody.
In the face of anything, even death, it’s… it’s not a small thing.
You two would’ve been good together… I think. If it matters.
I… I know he was your best friend, Alex, I... I’m sorry, I don’t... I don’t know what happened.
One minute he was there, and then… he was just...
Gone.
Nona, *how* could you not know, you guys were... he wouldn’t leave your *side*, how could you miss this?
I don’t know! It was... he was like *there*, he... he *was* right there with me, and I turned around and it was as if he’d just… gone blank.
It’s okay, Nona, you... you didn’t do anything wrong, I know it’s not your fault, of course it’s not your fault.
Nona, look, Ren... might not even be dead, this isn’t...
I don’t *care* about...
Just… nevermind, forget it, we don’t have to talk about this.
This is *Ren*, Alex! It’s *Ren*, it’s not... like, can you just *pretend*, for me, that this is important?
I don’t know where he is.
Maybe the Woods, the... the Call Station, waiting…?
Please?
I don’t care if you think this can get… *repaired* somehow.
Cause, I dunno, what if it can’t!
I had just…
I *know* it’s Ren, you don’t think I know it’s Ren, I’m standing right here!
I just... I don’t know what to do, I don’t... I don’t know what to say.
Just…
*No*, Nona.
No, *you* can “focus” on… whatever it is you gotta focus on, and… I’ll sit here and you can just… leave me out of it.
Fine, do what... do whatever you’re gonna do, just leave me out of it.
I didn’t know him that well, but… I’d liked what I’d... gotten to know.
I’m sorry, it’s... I shouldn’t, it’s *colossally stupid* of me to talk about him like that with you here.
Nona, really, Ren would be flattered to hear you say *anything* about him, so… if he can hear this at all, trust me, he’s over the moon right now.
Sure.
It’s not… stupid. It’s not *small* to like somebody, it doesn’t... it doesn’t diminish anything.
Maybe.
Nona, c’mon, we can still crack this, I do not *believe*, I *won’t*, that he’s gone forever, I just won’t.
I wish… I had your faith… in things.
Ren confessed that… he’d asked your advice?
And that you’d said to just be himself?
And that you’d said to just be interested?
And that you’d said to be interesting? He didn’t need that.
And that you’d told him to… just go for it?
It’s a tiny thing… but I hope he knew that I liked him.
He knew, Nona. Don’t worry. He knew.
Like I said, it’s a… tiny thing. But thanks, Alex.
He hoped you did. I think that’s enough.
Maybe.
Like I said… it’s a tiny thing.
It doesn’t matter, really.
Yeah… like I said… it’s just a tiny thing.
I guess you should probably help Jonas out.
And I don’t know if he did.
This is… he was more important.
More important than a.… crush.
In a… burst.
The station’s up at the top of the... Ugh. *God*, that was...
My mouth feels like I just... ate a… tree.
But yeah, I feel like a truck ran over me.
And then the driver saw I wasn’t dead yet and backed over my body.
You were possessed. And for the longest time, I think, that we’ve, uh, seen… so far.
Yeah, I know. I can… kinda remember that part.
Do you remember… Ren? Nona? Their whole… little situation?
Yeah. I mean... maybe it was just a *version* of things, you know?
Like, it didn’t happen…
In *this* time, or...
Yeah. No, maybe.
Probably. I mean, all the stupid loops have been, uh… they just seem divergent, I guess, I dunno.
I dunno. I could, like, *smell* the sea water on her. But… what do I know.
So… *that* was horrible.
I mean, it’s almost impressive at this point, the *depths* they keep reaching at to plumb new levels of anguish, they’re like… sadness spelunkers.
Ugh.
Okay.
Maybe not.
Alright, well, do your thing, radio girl, let’s… close this loop and keep going.
Listen, Jonas… I... I did something just now that you need to know.
I, um, I traded Clarissa to the ghosts so they’d let the rest of us go.
No. You didn’t. *Alex*, how could...
We had a *plan*, we had the...
The ghosts… they tried to make, like, a “deal” with me. For Clarissa’s life.
I didn’t take it, of course, but… I dunno, I just thought you should know.
God, they’re... that must mean they’re getting desperate or something. If they had any, like, power over the situation they wouldn’t try to work out a compromise.
Anyways…
I mean, *why* are we going to the Bomb Shelter *at all* if you think that that’s not even gonna work!
That’s... just a minute ago we thought she *was* dead, and now...
I don’t trust that tuning into the portal or going into the portal or whatever is gonna fix *anything*, and this... this just seemed like… like our only safe option.
It just... it seemed like the right thing to do, considering… everything, but... I mean, do you think I *wanted* this, of course I didn’t.
It was… *tough*.
I just don’t... look, Jonas, Clarissa’s been like the *anti* me for the last three years and... and... and I *know* she’d betray *me* to *them* if she could.
So you do it to her because she’s sometimes *mean*? That’s not that should work, Alex.
Alright, well, do your mixing thing so we can… close the loop and keep going.
No I mean wait, you *traded* Clarissa to the ghosts?
Maybe I’m not understanding something here…
How can we even trust them?
No, but about Clarissa and the ghosts…
They’re gonna say whatever they want to *get* what they want.
So, I just…
We *can’t* trust them, we can’t, but... but maybe if they just get what they want they won’t have a reason to... to do anything to us!
What would *you* have done, then, huh? Doom us all?
We have *no idea* if any of this... this bomb shelter stuff is gonna work, Jonas.
I wouldn’t have... I just wouldn’t have done this. Okay?
Jonas, I did it for... for all of us, for everyone *left*. You’ll notice that Clarissa isn’t even here anymore.
That doesn’t mean that she’s a lost cause, that’s...
I just hope you know… I’m not even gonna say, “What you’re doing,” cause… I just hope you know what you’ve given up here. Really.
Man.
Hello?
Anyone there?
What, are they... oh, they’re, uh, they’re somehow... I guess they’re somehow broadcasting or something from the, uh, the station’s speakers.
They’re both *alive*, that’s all I care about, *God*.
Yeah, no, that's a... that’s a bonus, too.
How are they… like, *doing* that.
Uhhhh beats me. I mean, there has be like a switch on their end or something to control the, uh, the talk-box.
“Talk box?”
You know what I mean, the... the thing with the stuff.
Uh huh.
Oh my God, it’s like listening to two mentally enfeebled babies taking over for the morning zoo crew.
Yeah, the old-timey speaker system isn’t exactly doing them any favors.
Bleep bloop bleep bloop.
Are you guys at the station?
Anybody. Jonas?
Jonas punch Alex if you can hear this.
Seriously, right in the throat.
Jonas, don’t listen.
We’re all set here for the, uh, the thing, the… machinery speak and hug or whatever we’re doing.
Yeah, let’s do it.
Time’s a wastin’.
Like, *actually* wasting, like I feel my body wasting away.
No, it’s... it’s okay if you’re, like, dealing with stuff.
We had to deal with stuff.
What stuff?
The uh... when I almost kinda slipped and fell off the bridge.
Oh my God, you guys, that...
No, it was...
It was *psychotic* to watch.
Like, “almost,” doesn’t quite describe the terror that held my heart watching her come close to...
It wasn’t...
You were *perilously* close to tumbling into the ocean from like five thousand feet up.
It wasn’t *that* high.
It was... it was high, believe me.
No, it wasn’t.
Yeah it was.
*No* it... just whatever, I’m fine.
She’s fine, it’s true.
Shut *up*.
Okay, just… whenever you’re ready, cause I’m sure you’re listening to this…
Yeah, just, hit the button... the receiver thing and we can do this, uh, stuff.
Stuff. Exactly.
Ok, over.
Over and out.
Why do you have to have the last word, over’s good enough.
Over and out.
*Hello*, we’re here, we made it, hello.
Oh, hello, this is Edwards Island Emergency, how may I help you.
If you’re being sat on by a very large burglar, just mash the dial with your fist, please.
Otherwise stay on the line, and we’ll send a traffic custodian out to you directly.
It is *so* nice to hear you two finding the sunny side of all this.
We are!
Well, he is.
We both are, don’t let her fool you.
You’ll forgive me if I don’t play along, but… can we just get on with why we’re all here.
Sheesh, alright, we’ll skip the cuddling, get right to the heavy petting.
Oh thank God, I’d like to report a poltergeist.
They’ve come into my house, they’ve shaved all my cats, they look better in my mittens, I just need any and all advice you can give me.
Well, first...
Can everyone just shut up?
You can play Dress Up… Phone… Time when you get home.
We got work to do.
Alright, Mr. No Fun.
No Fun, what is that, Swedish?
Man, you guys are like a real comedy team here, it’s stunning, the wit on display.
Yeahhhh, I guess he’s right, actually.
Okay, alright, fine.
It is *so* nice to hear you two finding the sunny side of all this.
We are!
Well, he is.
We both are, don’t let her fool you.
Uh, hello?
We’re here, I think she’s just stunned by your cavalier attitude to your own and soon death if we don’t hurry up with this thing.
Alright, you gotta… uh, put in the *call* to us, I guess.
And we’ll “answer,” by flipping this thing, it’s as simple as that.
So… whenever you’re ready.
Hit the thing.
Alright, I guess… we’re gonna “call” you, and then you just hit the button when it’s on.
Yeah, and if it’s not a button, just, uh, flip something. I guess.
Emergency Signal. Verify Please.
Ahh, okay, now we hit the thing here.
Alex, are you gonna… “respond?”
Guys?
Oh no, are you, like, passed out from the stress or something?
Seriously, Alex, the joke’s run its course.
Geez, *finally*, thank you.
So, um, I kind of have a good news, bad news situation here. Um...
Good news is we… are, um, safe… now, from the ghostly, uh, effects, but… the bad news is I kinda sorta gave them Clarissa for the trouble.
Look, the ghosts told me they wanted to... to make a sort of… *deal* for Clarissa.
What?
I said, “No,” of... of course, but... I dunno, I just thought you guys should know before… moving on.
Alright, well… let’s do the... the thing and get into the shelter and try and… fix this. Fast.
Wait, what?
What?!
What?!
I don’t believe this!
How could you do that!?
Who gave you the... the right?!
Oh c’mon, it was... it was... just the numbers *alone*, leave behind the fact that she was *miserable*...
*Shut* *up*.
I don’t care what you say, I don’t... I don’t care what *deal* you made, the night’s... it’s *not* over! We still have time.
Hit the damn button and open the stupid door... you're gonna correct this when we get to the shelter.
*You* would’ve done the *exact* same thing if you were put in my place, it’s... it’s a one versus the group thing, you can’t...
I was scared for you guys, I was... I didn’t want everyone, us *all* to die, it seemed... I dunno. It seemed right.
Alex, I cannot believe...
Alex, hit the... the button.
Alex?
Emergency Signal. Verify Please.
And then we just hit this little button here…
Signal Verified. Shelter TF1 Open.
I guess it worked.
Nice.
Hey! We’re awesome!
Awesome enough, at least.
Great, okay, we’ll meet you there.
Right, see you at the Shelter.
Over and...
Yeah. It did.
We’ll see you...
She sounds pissed.
She’ll get over it. We’ll all get over it.
I don’t know about that.
Yeah, well… I’d probably be pissed too.
No, look, it *kinda* made sense.
Hey! Guys.
Uhhh, wait. Did I get the plan wrong?
Cause if I got it *right*...
Aren’t you supposed to be yellow brick roading it to Milner.
No, you didn’t get it wrong.
Yeah, I think we switched places…
Or you did.
But wait, I’m so confused… why are you here.
Oh, no worries. I once accidentally brought two left-footed sneakers to gym class and then Mr. Hilton made me wear them the whole day anyway, so… I know how you feel.
Okay, uh, great.
Are you guys alright?
I just... I dunno, I got this like eerie someone’s-watching-from-the-shadows kinda feeling all of a sudden so I wanted to check in.
Oh yeah no the reason you have that is because there *are* things watching from the shadows, they’re called ghosts.
We’re doing okay. Go do your thing so we can fix this.
Will do. Let’s go.
Uh, actually… you know that thing where you get up to go to the living room and then you can’t remember what you wanted to do in the first place?
I’m kinda having that now.
Okay, well, it’s been fun catching up, kids, and we’ll go do our half of the “Fix the Ghost Problem” equation now.
Alright, see you after at the Bomb Shelter.
I think Alex just wanted to make sure you guys were still kicking.
We’re fine.
Well…
Well not *fine*, but *okay*. We’re like orange on the color wheel of emotional stability.
Sure.
What?
Alex got possessed for a minute there, and yes it was scary but it was just a hallucination triggered by ghosts rummaging around through her brain.
No big deal, I mean they’re clearly fine.
Yeah, we’re still above ground, it’s okay.
Look, Jonas, it was *real*, alright? As real as the other loops or any of the other hundred crazy things that have happened tonight.
So, I dunno, just be careful, you two, okay?
Uh, we will.
Yeah, scout’s honor.
Okay… I guess they’re fine. For them.
What does...
Okay, well, it’s been fun catching up, kids, and we’ll go do our half of the “Fix the Ghost Problem” equation now.
Alright, see you after at the Bomb Shelter.
Okay, well, it’s been fun catching up, kids, and we’ll go do our half of the “Fix the Ghost Problem” equation now.
Alright, see you after at the Bomb Shelter.
Okay, satisfied?
Can we go now?
Okay. But…. just, like, be careful, you two. Okay?
Careful, definitely. Will do.
Check, double check.
Guess that means yes.
You’re supposed to be yellow brick roading it to the Woods station right about now.
But seriously let’s split up, you have do your part in the Woods. We’ll meet up after.
I saw… I saw Ren drowning in a... the only way to describe it is it was like a *vision* or something.
What? Seriously?
Okay, good. So… now let’s just get to the Woods and do our part.
Ren, are you… doing okay? Like, you haven’t… almost… drowned or anything in the last hour, or…?
Nope. Fit as a fiddle. Well, like a fiddle you’d find in someone’s damp shed or something, you know, kinda warped, like...
No, I’m not *satisfied*, you’re... you two are in some sort of danger, but *especially* Ren is, and I just want to know you’re gonna be alright.
Nah, I’m gonna be fine. The place is like right there and when you do your half, we’ll be that much closer to being done with this whole thing.
Oh, yeah, *you’re* doing the Bomb Shelter part, okay, my mistake.
We’re just taking this way, that’s all.
What, the scenic route?
*Everything’s the scenic route, there’s no quicker way.
Uh, okay, well… we’ll be here. Good luck.
Well wait...
But wait, can we go back to the, “You saw Ren drowning,” part of the evening.
It’s not something you should be worried about, honestly.
Yeah, okay, but it *sounds* like it’s sorta the exact opposite, though.
Just be careful, alright? I don’t know why I saw what I saw but just… keep on your toes, okay?
Well I am now, yeah!
Alright, we’ll, uh, see you after.
I just hope so...
Don’t say that!
But Alex, really, what... what is going on? What should I... should I like climb a tree or something, like…
Don’t say that! What am I supposed to do with this, it’s not like I can really avoid *drowning* any more than I can normally do on a daily basis.
You’re on *land*, Ren, I don’t think anything’s gonna happen.
But then why would she... why would she have this vision then?
What’s the plan here?
Maybe this wasn’t a good idea telling you… I mean, I don’t wanna just send you off in a paranoid tailspin or something.
Well it’s too late for that.
Uh, maybe it wasn’t real, you know? Maybe it was a... a panic induced day… night dream.
That is not a thing!
Just... don’t go swimming, alright? Easy fix. Don’t go near the water. Stay here.
Okay, yeah. I, uh, I will, sure.
Alex?
*Right*. Radio locked. I keep forgetting this thing is… that. Okay, I just have to tune it.
Hey, no, the... it’s the Catbird Station, the little cabin right there?
That’s where we need to go, not anywhere else.
Uh huh, I know, don’t worry.
Uh, alright.
Yeah, I just wanna poke my nose in some things.
Hey, wait wait wait, we haven’t... we need to call Ren and Nona so they can do the “Response” thing.
You can press a button, Jonas, I trust you.
I did all the heavy lifting in, like, getting us here and… dealing with you under ghost influence.
I don’t know *how* to... I’m not good at this stuff, just… please, c’mere.
Oh yeah… I forgot.
This is to open the bomb shelter, remember?
No, Alex, really, we have to do this... *you* have to do this, we can’t leave yet.
Uh, why is there a cable car here?
Couldn’t they have just made, like… just a normal bridge?
With wood... and slats.
That isn't hung by what looks to be twine.
It’s not a cable car, it’s a bridge ferry.
Bridge ferry.
But anyways, yeah, why do you think there’s a cable bridge here?
Yeahhh, it’s like an army thing, or... I know there’s *rules* about what you can build on protected land, so… maybe this is all it’s *zoned* for or something…
Yeah, it’s kinda neat, right? It’s like going on a gondola ride.
I don’t know if I’d say it’s *neat*.
Yeah, it doesn’t really… look… *safe*, does it?
It looks less than welcoming.
Or at least it doesn't look very inviting.
Or even on.
But, uh, yeah the bridge doesn’t look particularly secure...
I dunno, I think we have to.
Oh c’mon, it’s the *woods*. There has to be, like... I dunno, other *dirt* we can walk on to get to Ren.
It’s a *chasm*, Jonas, what do you want me to say?
Uh, sure, maybe.
Maybe there’s another way?
There has to be. I mean, it’s the woods. There’s no *way* to begin with, we make our own.
Well, yeah, Jonas, except for when there’s a *chasm*.
Look, it’s a little scary, but Ren needs us, so.
Yeah, yeah, I know, I know.
Alright, well… let’s just see if we gotta take the, uh, conveyor… thing…
That’s been rotting here since the invention of… ovens...
Uh..
Was that there before?
I don't... think... so....
Was it?
I don't think so.
I think the *door* opening and closing on it’s own is a little worse than a *chair*, Jonas...
What a night, huh.
What a night…
What does that mean?
What do you mean, what does it mean?
You said it first.
I’m just saying… this isn’t anybody’s fault, you know…
Yeah. Tonight’s… not exactly what I expected.
You said, “What a night,” I was just...
Yeah. Sorry about this…
No no, I’m not, uh, I’m not saying it like… it’s anyone’s fault…
It’s nobody’s fault…
Yep. What a night.
It just happened…
Stuff happens.
Except, you know... it is your fault.
Me!
“I think I see a pool in there!” God.
If you hadn’t jumped into that hole like a… friggin’ badger...
Alright, I concede, this is *partially* my fault.
Thank you.
If I hadn’t brought the radio and… hadn’t tuned into that… whatever…
Noooo, don’t say that.
Well actually you saying that saves me from saying it, so thank you.
Hey!
I kid, I kid.
Hey, if you hadn’t jumped into that hole like a… friggin’ *badger*...
Yeahhh, you’re right. Stuff happens.
It just sucks that the *stuff* that’s happening is, like, really terrifying and annoying.
We'll be alright.
Stuff happens.
Alright, let’s switch on the power so we can take that… sideways elevator thing.
Cool. More old stuff.
“Power Transfer Station one six seven.”
Hey, just what we needed.
And look, Jonas, another opportunity to show off your fine skills in the picking of locks!
Hardy har-har, Just try it first.
Okayyy, that’s… a little strange.
Why wouldn’t they lock it?
I mean, *somebody* should’ve locked it…?
Right?
Uh, maybe there’s no need? Like, there’s nothing here to steal… or something?
Alright, I’ll go with that, just cause… what else am I gonna do.
Maybe the… guy in charge of the “forest closet” forgot?
Maybe. Or he’s dead.
Jonas....
I'm just saying, maybe he's dead.
Yeah. MAYBE.
I dunno. Monsters?
Just monsters. That's your answer.
For now.
Or not. I guess.
I found the circuit breaker.
Wait. Like the first thing it says is, “Beware of Overload.”
“Do Not Attempt Restart Without Supervision.”
Uhhhh....
So I don't know...
We *have* to have power, Jonas, we can’t start the thing without it, and if we can’t start the thing, we can’t get to Ren. \r\n
Jonas, the bridge ferry looks pretty well and dead, so… I don’t know how we do this without power.
Terrific, you’ll be my supervisor. Supervisor Jonas.
I’ll be fine. Just say what I need to do.
Let... just let me just do it.
That way, if something bad happens…
You know...
*Please*. I can *handle* pulling two switches.
I really just don’t like...
What? Someone with two x chromosomes doing it? Someone who shaves her legs?
That is *not* it, okay? But sure, if you wanna be the one to get cooked, go ahead.
Watch, alright? It’s easy.
Okay. It’s your barbeque.
*Fine*, okay? Take the reigns if you’re so nervous.
Thank you.
You know what, fine, it’s your barbeque.
That’s very sweet, really, but… I’m not the type of sister you need to throw your coat on the puddle for, okay?
Uh, okay. Thanks.
No problem. It’s just that… you know… *kind of* your way around here, you know Ren… if someone were to get electrocuted it should be me, right?
Very true!
I’m sure you’ll be fine.
Don’t… don’t gimme that look.
If you’re gonna pull it, might as well do it now.
It’s the switch right there.
Hey, we, uh… we need power, right?
Okay… whenever you’re ready.
Ummm…. what did you flip?
Cause… it kinda did the opposite of what we wanted...
I flipped the... it’s the *only* one, Jonas, what other switch could I even flip?
Well… good point.
I don’t know… maybe it was labeled wrong?
Hey, don’t play the blame game here, I did what it said. There’s only one switch.
Okay, okay.
Alright, uh… well, here goes nothing.
Ummm… what’s… happening?
Why’d the lights go out?
I don’t know, Jonas, *you tell me*, you flipped the thing.
There’s only one thing to flip, Alex, it’s not like there’s an array of things here, I don’t know why it didn’t work.
Which flip did you hit?
The only one! There’s only one switch, it’s the one that says, “Power,” or whatever, I don’t know why it didn’t do what it should’ve!
I don’t know… is this even the right thing?
There’s only one “thing,” it’s the *only* thing. If this doesn’t work, there’s nothing else.
There’s only one switch so why didn’t it work?
The lamp’s flickering… do you think it’s like on backup power now or something?
But that light… is it… like, does that mean the power’s booting up or something?
Might be… but… eh, I don’t know.
It sounds like it’s emitting some… weird noise, too, right?
A little.
For some reason… it reminds me of the cave.
Let’s just try and get the power on, alright? Everything about this is making my skin crawl.
What is that...?
Ahhhh!
I am so tired of this funhouse bull crap.
At least the power’s back on.
Tada.
Is the little baby happy now?
Quite happy, yes.
Huh. Didn't think that would actually work.
Well, for whatever reason, thank the good Lord it did.
It’s… I can’t believe this, it’s locked now.
It’s okay, we’ll just… there’s gotta be a way to turn the power on, still.
Hey, uh, don’t worry. This will be just another in a series of escalating funny stories to tell our parents when we get home.
If we get home.
Ummm… any ideas?
The, uh, the light kinda reminds me of that triangle thing? I don’t know why… maybe it’s a transmission or something?
Other than that, I dunno. Hop up and down and cry about our bad luck.
Alex…
Are you… alright..?
[screams]
Alex!
[gleeful laughing]
*Not* funny. Not funny.
Opposite... total opposite of funny, look up… whatever that is… *unfunny.*\r\n
It was worth it.
Sorry. I had to.
It’s, uh, just a chair, so…
Well it’s making me feel like bugs are on my skin, so c’mon, let’s go.
Okay… so it’s just a chair. Good to know.
Hallelujah.
Praise the Lord.
It’s not… unless I’m doing something wrong, it’s not working.\n
No power? I mean, I would think if it had power these lights would be on.
Yeah. We gotta figure out a way to start it up.
Hummin’ like a barracuda.
Barracudas don’t hum.
Well this one is.
Well this one is.
Says you, man.
I think this is the engine. It’s not even warm.
Yeah, no juice.
It says it’s the… I don’t know, “Catbird” Station?
And the Call Sign is weird... 60.8? The dial doesn’t go that far.
Huh.
We might have just broken it, ever think of that?
I *did* think of that, but it’s not like it’s our fault the *door* slammed shut, so… I dunno.
Being terrorized on an island by unseen forces really makes you miss television.
Well, maybe if we get the power working you can catch up on the soaps.
I can’t think of a way to delicately put this…
But...
It makes some kind of circus sense.
That’s... that’s… God, I haven’t heard this in forever, this is something my Mom used to...
Um, what were you saying about your Mom? Like, the song was… something?
Oh, uh, just that song was something she used to, uh... she used to play when I was little, and uh... I just hadn’t heard it in a while, that’s all.
Oh, check out the smallest cemetery in the Pacific Northwest. Literally, it’s from the 1800’s.
Jesus, I thought that was a pet cemetery. I’m kinda relieved, this island’s depressing enough.
Oh wait, we should... we should really get Ren, I mean we’re pretty far already.
It’s, uh, just a...
Okay… so it’s just a...[gets cut off]
Alex…
Are you…
What... what is this?
You… children… will… never… learn.
Listen... carefully. There.. is.. no… way… out.
Just… stop… trying… Nothing changes… in this... world.
Oh, Alex… can you… ever… forgive us?
*Jesus*, Alex, are you okay?
Ugh… uh, Whoops.
Yeah. Whoops.
Ugh, *why*! Does *that* have to happen, too! It’s a flippin’ *chair*, can’t you give me the *that*!
I don’t... I don’t really know if it’s the *chair’s* fault, but… yeah.
So. That wasn’t fun. Not exactly.
No. Not fun.
[sigh] Okay, carrying on…
That was…
You went blank for a second...
Jonas! Jonas, where... where are you?
Jonas! Jonas, where... where are you?
Okay, this is gonna be fine, just... work through it.
Again? Really? But… ugh, fine.
Tell Michael to break up with Clarissa. It’s for the best.
Tell Michael to stay with Clarissa. They like each other a lot.
Don’t tell Michael what to do about Clarissa, okay?
What’s... what’s happening…
But… Michael’s… dead, how could I even…
What… are you, what’s…
Jonas! Jonas, where... where are you?
Okay, this is gonna be fine, just... work through it.
Again? Really? But… ugh, fine.
Wait, what... what’s happening?
How am I…? Is this… an optical illusion or something?
What... what do you mean?
But… Michael’s… dead, how could I even…
What’s... what’s happening…
So. Ghosts huh?
Ghosts.
Or, I mean “spirits.”
Or, sorry, “unexplained phenomena.”
This is… really… insane, Jonas. Like... the craziest thing that’s happening to anyone right now is happening to us.
True, but…
But?
Go on…?
I couldn’t think of anything to say.
So. Having fun yet?
I’m so glad our families are uniting, Alex. This will be a grand adventure for the two of us.
Unless we die.
Unless we die, yes.
Suuuuurre.
What do you think they want?
The, uh, the *ghosts*...
Do they have to *want* anything?
Just most of the time, don’t they, like... isn’t that why they’re trapped here, or whatever… because they didn’t do something they needed to in life, or…
I don’t think our previous knowledge of movies and comic books applies here, really...
But fine.
I don’t know. This feels bigger than that. But maybe that’s just cause we’re living it.
I don’t know.
I think it’s usually, like, “justice.” Or something. *Vengeance.*
Yeah…
Cause, me...
I just hope they just want to, like, play soccer every once in a while… and that’s it.
D- don’t- don’t, okay, don’t move, okay? Don’t come anywhere near me.
Nona…
Just *don’t* *move*.
Look, we’re not moving, we’re not moving.
What is it, what’s wrong?
Nona, c’mon, it’s *us*. You can see it’s us, it’s me and Jonas.
Okay, just… calm down.
C’mon, Nona, we’ve been looking for everyone…
I’m not kidding. Stay where you are.
Alright, I’m... I’m not going anywhere.
Yeah… I know the feeling…
Nona…
I ran into you… already… earlier tonight. Did you know that?
Uh, we...
But it *wasn’t* you and it was terrible, sooo…
We’re gonna take this a little slower…
This time.
Nona, we haven’t run into you all night, this is the first time.
M...m...maybe not you, but… it was *an* Alex and *a* Jonas.
*What* are you talking about? Back at the beach?
I’m talking about the Alex I saw at the Pier… after the cave looked like the… freakin’ Fourth of July and I lost track of everybody.
Nona, believe me, that *wasn’t* us.
I don’t know that yet.
We haven’t... this is the first time we’ve seen you since the *beach*.
Be that as it may… I’ve seen *an* Alex…
Ohhhh, I get it. This whole crazy night’s just broken your brain.
Shut. Up.
She’s kidding, she’s kidding, we’re here to help you.
I don’t know why you’re here.
Just, so just... just don’t mention my grandfather, okay, don’t talk about him or anything like that.
Fine, Nona. Sure.
*What* are you babbling about, Nona, *why* would I care about your grandfather?
Well the Alex *before* you sure had a lot to say on the subject!
It’s fine, Nona, just… it’s okay.
Uh. Sure.
And... just tell me... have you seen Clarissa?
Cause... I’ve been looking.
You're looking for Clarissa?
Yeah. Have you seen her?
Clarissa...
No, no, we haven’t, but, we, uh... we’re actually... we’re looking for *Ren* right now, so… have you... have you... maybe seen him?
Not Ren.
Nope, haven’t seen her!
We’re here cause we think Ren is somewhere in the woods. Have you seen him?
We’re actually looking for *Ren*. We think he’s in the woods somewhere. Have you seen him?
Okay. Well.
Hey, listen, Nona… you should come with us. That way we’re not all, you know, separated.
I’m not going anywhere with you.
Alright, okay... hey, I get it, I do, I'm jumpy right now, too, but...
Just let her go, Jonas, she’s a space monkey right now.\n
Wait, wait, just... Nona, can you do me a favor?
Just hold up a second, Nona, okay?
Yeah, can you just do us a favor?
Can you just… can you go to the Comm Tower and wait for us?
We got the lights on there, and…
It seems pretty safe.
Nona, please, just go to the Comm Tower and wait, okay?
And we’ll all meet up later.
Nona, Clarissa’s at Ft. Milner, okay? She’s somehow gotten some... two-way to work.
Ft. Milner?
*But* I think it’d really be better if you just *waited* for us to find her ourselves.
Yeah?
Yeah, that’s actually… that’s a good idea, go to the Comm Tower and just sit tight till we get back.
No, Nona, you should *really* come with us, it’s better to stick together.
Better for who.
Nona, c’mon…
For you, who do you think I’m talking about!
For everyone, for all of us!
No.
[sigh]
Nona, Clarissa jumped out a friggin’ window at Ft. Milner, alright?
What?!
I... she… wh... why?
Is she alright?
It’s... it’s not... it’s more complicated than that.
She was, like, possessed or... something that at least looked *very* much like it.
But it’s not like... she’s not *hurt*, we don’t think, or... I mean, we don’t know *what’s* going on, Nona, but we know she was able to get up and walk away, so… there’s, uh, that, at least.
We don’t... look, we don’t think she’s dead. She was able to walk away and… we, uh, lost her again.
Yeah, she’s… probably fine. Apart from the… neck… glass...
She’s completely lost her friggin’ mind, Nona, whatever’s going on is *not* settling right with her.
Something... look, Nona, nobody knows what the Hell is going on but we... I mean, she was able to walk away so, you know, there’s, uh... that at least.
So… she’s not dead. But you don’t know where she is.
Pretty much.
Nona, I... maybe you’ll have better luck.
Nona, please. *Don’t* go after her. It will not end well.
And the comm tower is where...
It’s the cloud buster at the edge of town. Can’t miss it.
And you?... You’re really you?
Really?
Yeah, Nona, it’s me. Alex.
Yeah, Nona. Who else would I be?
That is the question...
No, Nona, I’m a zombie on the hunt for living brains, so…
*Yes*, it’s us, Nona.
Quit it, seriously.
Alright, bye.
That girl’s a peach.
And what is with you telling a clearly very *deeply* troubled person to go *explore* an abandoned military fort alone?
I don’t even like that *we’re* gonna have to do it!
But Nona?
Hey, she *wanted* to know! I’m not gonna lie to her about her *best friend*.
I just hope she goes to the tower, that’s all, for her sake. And for your conscience!
Oh, eat me, okay, how ‘bout that for your conscience.
That is… that doesn’t even make sense and I’m shocked and appalled.
She made it this far *alone*. And if she gets to Clarissa while we’re getting Ren, all the better for it, right?
Oh gimme a break.
Oh my God, do you, like, *like* her or something?
What! No!
You… want to marry her… and have all of the babies.
Shut up.
You do, I knew it, my God, Ren is gonna flip.
I just hope she listens to me and goes to the tower. For her sake.
And I could have done without the whole, “Your best friend just jumped out of a window” part of the conversation.
It’s not like she really needed to know that little tidbit.
It’s the *truth*, Jonas! If my best friend was running around speaking in tongues and hanging herself I’d wanna know, too!
*Don't* come near me.
C'mon, Alex, just back away.
This is *stupid*!
Nona, it's *me*, Alex. Remember!
Back off, I am *not* playing.
Forget you.
Nona!
Why why *why* didn't you just *do* what she said?
I didn't... I didn't think she'd run away, Christ!
I did! Anyone with two eyes would have, she looked a hair pin away from completely losing it!
She's *nuts*, Jonas, what... what could I have done?
How about not move! She just... she was freaking out!
I... Christ, I... I just wanted to help her, alright!
Help?! That's how you help? “Stay there!“ “No!“
God forbid you should ever try and stop a suicide!
What if she hurts herself?
Hey, don't...that's on her, man. Don't put that on me if she flies off a gorge.
Look, I'm *sorry*, okay? I... I didn't think she was that bad.
She'll be alright. If she runs that fast from *us*, just think of how fast she'll run from *actual* danger.
Just... forget it. I'm sure we'll... catch up with her later, so... whatever.
Is that Nona?
I... think so. It sure looks like her.
I'm... not sure...
This night has turned… banana bread, really fast, and I’m seeing things and forgetting things and I’ve bumped into you once already...
Nona, we haven’t run into you all night, this is the first time.
M...m...maybe not you, but… it was *an* Alex and *a* Jonas.
And it was horrible, so...
So, just, look you’re not gonna talk about my grandfather… you’re just gonna stand there, politely, and tell me if you’ve seen Clarissa.
Just let her go, Jonas, she’s a space monkey right now.
Let’s stick to the task at hand.
What! No!
She was obviously like... I mean, God, just… “Don’t move!”
It’s not that hard!
I mean...
This is, uh, new.
It's... it's kinda weird, I had the *exact* same kind when I was a kid.
Yeah, why would a toy company make *two*, right?
Oh, shut up.
Love the jokes. Keep it up, see what happens.
It kind of stinks.
Yeah, it smells like it's been sitting in a diaper for a month.
Wait, wasn't this...uh, we passed this a minute ago, right? And it wasn't burning?
I, uh, honestly don't remember.
Okay, look, I mean, we definitely saw this before. Right?
Why do I feel like I'm being mocked now?
Huh, this is... its's just like the armoire in the cave. Super duper old but in like new condition.
Huh, this looks... it's like, super old, but... man, it's almost spotless.
It’s one of those, uh, magnetophones, I think they’re called? Or some other reel to reel thing from the 40’s.
Why would it be here?
Who knows, I mean… it might be part of us, uh, being “stuck.” Maybe it’s, like, “stuck,” too, or something.
The army used them for messages and secret codes and stuff. But I don’t know why it’s out here.
Uh, ghost… reasons?
Spirit reasons.
Yes, more “unexplained phenomena.“
Some people camp here, but… it’s weird, I don’t know why they’d just leave their tent.
Looks kinda… dumpy, like… I dunno, like it’s been abandoned.
Oh c’mon, this isn’t working again?
It’s alright, we don’t wanna go back anyway.
Well, *eventually* we will.
*Ren* obviously found another way there. When we hook up with him, we’ll just take that way back.
Yeah, I guess so.
Oh, I remember this.
The two Jacks carved their... er, Jack Mitchell and Jack Ladd, they used to hang out together all the time and they, uh, carved their name into this, uh, bench on a school trip… once...
You don't care do you.
No, no please keep going.
Forget it.
Okay! On another school trip they...
Stop.
[laughs]
It’s like the machine in the cave, Ren would know what it is, a... that two way receiver intercom thing. Maybe... we try the... talk... to ourselves... thing? Or if somebody’s listening on a ham radio or something, I might be able to reach them...
Uh, yeah, thank God for weirdo basement hobbyists.
Let’s try it out.
Hey, if you’re out there, uh, Alex... we got stranded on Edwards Island… and...
Do not. Hurt yourself. With the strain. Of trying.
There is. No. Way. Out.
Hello, hello, anybody out there? Uh, Alex? We missed the last ferry off the island so...
Hey, people who are hopefully listening to this, that… maybe includes another version of me... I need a connection to emergency services because we...
No? Don’t wanna?
Well will ya look at that. It didn’t collapse.
That’s one good thing that happened tonight.
So you’re saying you were expecting it to.
I half was. But it didn’t. So.
Yep. Yay.
Don’t fret so much. You’re with Alex right now, alright? Queen of… uh…
I’m not helping you.
Well fine, I don’t need your help, I’m the Queen.
You can say that again…
Oh my God, first you blame me for everything, then you say I’m not even helping!
[laughs]
You used to come here alot as a kid, right?
To the island, I mean.
I mean, that’s what Ren made it sound like.
But anyways, you, uh, you used to come here as a kid?
Right?
Yeah. With my brother.
Yeah. I don’t know about *alot*, but… a few times.
Yeah, but I mean… who cares now. It’s not like I’ll ever come back here again.
Well you say that *now*...
I mean, it must have been nice having this right here, just a little… two hour boat ride away, right?
With Michael? Yeah? Like with your Mom and Dad, or…
Sometimes Mom and Dad, but… mostly just him and me.
That’s cool. Like he’s... like he’d be babysitting you and he’d bring you out here…?
Isn’t this kinda a weird time to be reminiscing right now?
It’s not... I’m not *reminiscing*, I’m just curious.
So when Michael would babysit you he’d bring you out here?
That’s nice of him.
Coulda just stayed home, you know...
So, like, Michael would be babysitting you? Or…?
It wasn’t like that, we were, like, best friends. It’s not like he was being *forced* to do it, he *wanted* to do it, we liked hanging out together…
Oh, I didn’t mean... yeah, yeah, of course.
It wasn’t like... he wasn’t being *forced* to watch me, we were *family*.
There’s like a loyalty there, he’s not... he wasn’t being paid five bucks an hour...
I mean, I guess, sorta. An *impartial observer* might look at it and say, “He’s babysitting her,” but… it didn’t feel that way to me.
It just felt like we were… hanging out.
Yeah, I can see this place being cool like in the Summer? Or even the Spring?
You got the park...
You got the Main Street shops…
But seriously, it’s… nice having a little getaway like this so close to you.
Yeah, well… I’m over it. Starting now.
Yeah, well, after tonight? Douse it in gasoline and light a match, I am *never* coming back here again.
Yeah… it’s pretty nice. It can *be* pretty nice when the… the *conditions* are right, you know?
It’s *quaint*, it’s like being back in the fifties. The *good* parts of the fifties, not the racist part.
You, uh… didn’t you already say that?
Did I?
Uhhh… do you ever get deja vu? I feel like… like didn’t we just walk through here?
Huh, that’s funny. I don’t think we have.
Uhhh…. yeah.
I only mentioned it because my family trips were awful.
My Mom would always insist on going to Missouri… every single year. Ugh.
I mean, it was all we could afford, but still.
That’s a long drive for pretty much nothing.
But yeah, my Mom would always take us to Missouri.
Just awful.
Why was it so bad?
There was just nothing to do…. and my parents wanted to give me a good time and they couldn’t… and I could tell.
I dunno.
I guarantee it was better than this, so.
Oh c’mon, don’t even try it.
Try *what*? Look around.
Try what? There is *nothing* to like here.
Oh, *fascinating*, Jonas. When we get back, I wanna see the *slides*.
Oh shut up, I'm just tryin' to conversate here.
Well try harder.
Man, you are impossible.
I know, I know.
I look back on it now, and… those dumb trips are kind of like... they’re just containers, for, I dunno, for the memories I have with her.
Nowadays I think *what* stuff happens matters more than… *where* stuff happens...
But I dunno.
I change my mind a lot on that…
So yeah, anyways, I think places are pretty much what you make of it, you know?
And not the other way around.
Yeah. Maybe. After tonight I might disagree, though.
I wouldn’t blame you.
Yeah, I think I agree.
It’s just a theory, anyway.
No way. I mean, take this, for instance.
If we never came here, if we’d just sat on the couch, or gone to the movies like they *think* we did… whole different ballgame.
Maybe… I guess we’ll never know.
Okay, *yeah*, tonight’s like being trapped in a nightmare zoo, but, I dunno… you have memories here, right?
Jumpin’ off the divin’ board with little Janie, and…
Eatin’ ice cream with little Franklin’...
Stringin’ Christmas lights with little’ Snoopy…
Whose life are you talking about right now?
What?
I never did *any* of that!
All I’m saying is… before tonight, this was a pretty cool place.
And you did stuff here, and… it’s a part of you, you know, it’s a part of you, and… I just wouldn’t want our *first* night out to, you know… wreck all of that…
For like forever...
I just wouldn’t want that.
I think it’d like genuinely depress me.
So, anyways, I’m just saying… this place had its good moments, so… don’t let tonight wreck that for you...
Well, it is wrecked, Jonas.
Sorry, *island*, but you can’t repeatedly scare the crap out of someone and expect them to continue thinking *fondly* of you.
Well now I just feel bad for the island.
Fine, I won’t hold it against the *island* or whatever. I won’t hold it against you or the island… I’ll keep my memories.
Happy?
Actually… I am, thank you.
Jonas, you are completely insane, my God. You know that? *Nuts*, kid, you’re nuts.
Alright, alright. But I’m right.
So. I just hope that doesn’t happen, that’s all.
Cause... I don’t remember any of this.
I don’t… really remember that, but…
Cause I just got the *biggest* one I’ve had in a while.
It’s like practically a stomach ache.
We’re going in circles or something.
Something is… something’s wrong, we’ve already done this, like, twice.
Done what?
Jonas, don’t you hear yourself? You’ve already asked me this twice.
I have?
We have *definitely* been here before. This is… weird.
What’s weird?
I mean, it must have been nice having… actually, man, do you ever get Deja vu?
Uh, but is there anything else, uh, weird going on?
Jonas, seriously, you don’t remember? You keep asking me if I “came here as a kid a lot,” again and again.
Uh, *okay*, I mean, if you say so, but… wait, I don’t even know what you’re saying. What are you saying?
Jonas, we’ve already done this! We keep walking past these same trees and this same spot and you keep saying the same crap over and over!
We’re… I think we’re going in circles. We’ve seen these same damn trees, like… I don’t know how many times now.
We just got off the tram thing, Alex, this is all new, so... I mean, what are you saying?
I mean, I get how it could *feel* like we’ve been here or whatever… trees are trees, they all look alike.
What are you thinking?
Uh, but have I been repeating myself, like, really?
Yes, you have! Yes, “I came here as a kid a lot!” It’s like your *brain* keeps resetting every hundred steps!
I mean, sorry if I’m rambling here. Are you, uh… I mean, what are you thinking?
Yeah, of course! It’s cause we keep walking past these same trees and this same spot and you keep saying the same crap over and over!
I mean, sorry if I’m rambling here. Are you, uh… I mean, what are you thinking?
Are we lost?
Or… is it… something else, I mean…
But, are we, uh, lost or something?
Or… what’s going on?
We keep repeating this one moment for some… reason. God, can’t things stay *normal* for like two friggin’ seconds.
Whatever we did or opened in the cave must have like screwed up, uh, *something* or… I dunno.
I don’t wanna say, like, *time*, cause that sounds insane.
We’re, like, *stuck* in this area. Like *metaphysically* stuck. I don’t know what I’m saying, this is all so bizarre.
Well, just, uh, lemme know if… like… things start going sideways.
Things are sideways.
Thank you.
Well, it’s more than a little troubling that *I* can’t tell besides a, uh, headache I’ve only just noticed, but, *okay*, let’s deal with *this* now, sure.
You used to… wait… haven’t we done this before?
Aren’t we... I feel like we’ve done all this before.
Yes, Jonas, we... We’re working on it.
Okay...
Just... just hush. I’m, uh, working on it.
Oh *now* you’re getting it! Only took three hundred go rounds on the never ending cycle of whatever we’re stuck in.
Well, *sorry*, I... wait, really? I don’t… remember that, but okay.
[sigh]
Huh. Maybe it’s just me.
Wait… wait, we’ve… done this before…
Ugh, really! Again!
What?! We’re still stuck! But I kicked the stupid ball and everything! What more do you want!
Okay, uh, there’s *got* to be a way out, or…
You know, I didn’t realize I felt like a “pressure” in my head until… right… now.
Whatever you did helped something, I think.
Yeah, but… matching the sounds did… uh…. what, exactly?
I… uh, I don’t know. But it’s like my allergies cleared up or something.
Is the time… thing… uh, fixed now?
I… think?
Uh, feel any better? Maybe… remember all the times we trekked through here now?
No, not really. I remember the ball thing. But that… I guess that didn’t *just* happen, right?
I don’t know, I feel like I just woke up from a dream, everything’s so vague.
Let’s just keep going and get Ren.
Maybe you doing that, uh, “fixed” the loop...
Yeah, but making it sound right… did what?
Really? It is?
You used to come here as a… wait, what is... it’s like... God, that looks... wait, *what* is this?
The foundation’s still up but they left all the furniture? And equipment?
Like, why hasn’t this been torn down or converted into something else?
The haunted magical indoor-outdoor *work shed* is like the least of our worries right now, Jonas, just ignore it.
Well, *yeah*, but… still.
Yeah. Super bizarro.
It’s because of the time loop thing, Jonas, it’s not, like, part of the *tour* or anything.
Oh. Okay.
Or am I missing something here. I’m missing something, aren’t I.
Take that. Ball.
I need to drink more milk or something, geez.
Uhh….
Who’s there?
What…?
Soooo… it's just...
That’s, uh, strange…
Good one.
Okay…
Huh.
Neat!
Alright…?
A ball that plays itself.
If I wasn't so freaked out, this might be fun.
Dog… Fetch… d-dog fetch… f-fetch…
Wait, it’s like… a game….?
Yeah. It’s kind of… I don’t know.. this is cool, right?
Sure...
Yeah, but with who?
Uh, beats me.
Fetch… fetch...
Uh, okay, I’d like to know where this is going!
I’d like to know where this is going!
Uh, this is starting to get old.
This is starting to get old!
Alright, who *are* you!
Alright, who are you!
Okay, *what* is going on, seriously?
Okay, what is going on, seriously?
Alex…
Maybe, don’t… antagonize… whoever.
I’m… this isn’t… like, fun anymore.
Okay...
Alright, let’s not, uh, make it weird now… radio people.
Uh, haha? Good one...
Oh, what’s that? Don’t wanna play anymore?
That’s not very nice....
Hey! C’mon.
I think *they* have a sense of humor.
Fetch... fetch.
Whoa!
*Fetch*.
Ugh, Christ!
I… *think*... we’re dealing... with… ghosts.
Just a hunch…
Yeah, no crap.
Oh yeah? What tipped you off? The messages, the ball? Or maybe it was the *ghost*...
The ghost that just burned itself into the rock? Yeah, that.
Maybe…
What else *could* it be?
I mean, really?
At least *none* of this normal.
We can agree on that!
I *would* say ghosts, okay, I would, but… what about the weird repeating stuff? You not remembering what we’ve been doing?
*That*… that… yeah, I don’t know about that.
Okay… it’s ghosts. As stupid as that sounds.
Well call them something else.
Proto… dead… uh, protooo…
I meant like, “spirits,” or something…
Uh, unexplained phenomena.
Yes, “unexplained.”
Ghosts are fine.
Just.. for me, it’s ghosts, until I see evidence otherwise…
Uhhhh… you know… like… a….
Fine. It’s ghosts.
It’s alright, we must have just missed, uh… something.
Are you… can you kinda remember more now?
It’s… it’s starting to stick, yeah. It’s still sorta foggy, but… whatever, I’ll deal with it.
There better be.
Whoa. The ball, uh, moved... that was weird.
Oh, uh, yeah, maybe it's just a hill or... something?
It’s the wind. The gustless, almost imperceptible wind.
Par for the course, really!
I, uh… it was weird, you were *gone* for a minute, I did this... I did the repeat thing again and my reflection, um… talked to me.
Talked to you? What… uh, what did it say?
Or was it, like, anything you could even…
Like what was it doing?
It said that… I should tell Michael to break up with Clarissa…
It said that… I should… tell Michael to stay with Clarissa...
It said that I… shouldn’t tell Michael what to do about Clarissa...
Which is, of course, totally useless advice for a doppelganger since Michael’s still totally dead.
You know, at some point this is all gonna make sense. I just hope it happens before we leave.
It doesn’t matter, forget I even mentioned it.
For, uh, posterity.
I’m taking a picture of the ball moving, not your kicking, just so you know.
Oh my God...
Alex, can you believe this?
My doctor’s not gonna be happy with my blood pressure this year…
Yeah, mine neither.
This is crazy!
Alex...
But really, Alex, what else could be happening except ghosts.
Right?
Yeah… I haven’t started writing it yet.
Mrs. Henderson told me not to overthink it.
Cause, really, it’s not Saint Crispen’s Day or the Sermon on the friggin’ Mount, you know, but.. but I dunno, a graduation speech should have a theme, right?
Graduation speech? Is that what we’re talking about?
Oh man, you haven’t been listening at all. It’s okay, this is really boring.
I have to write the graduation speech, and… I don’t know what it’s gonna be.
I… don’t know. I don’t think it has to have a “point.”
Well that’s where we differ, sister, I think things should have *points*. Things should be sharp, they should poke you.
Uh, sure, yeah. Give it a theme.
It should have a *point*.
It should bring you to your feet about something.
Like… the teachers’ ones are always, like, “Here are some truths about your horrible future.”
And the students’ are expected to just be like testimonials...
Hey, thanks for hanging out with me today, I’m sure you have, uh, like stuff to study for.
I just had to clear my head.
Alright, something’s, like, off with you right now. What’s going on.
Sure, no, of course, I mean… what else am I gonna do.
Oh save it, will you. Hanging out with you isn’t a *chore*.
Well... well, actually it was that one time you turned me into, what was it...
Oh, right, the Human Mop. But c’mon, you were like ten, you were the perfect size.
I’m guessing… Mom probably told you about my scholarship to State, right?
I don’t really know how I feel about it.
What! That’s great! Congratulations, I mean, that’s... that’s awesome.
Uh, thank you, thanks.
Well… what are you thinking? Engineering? You said something about... sports medicine one time…
Yeah, I don’t know about that anymore.
What is it? Don’t wanna go? Like, are you thinking of another school, or…?
Nah, it’d be that school if it was gonna be a school.
I mean, I feel... it’s not like it’s a*bad* thing, it's a good thing, obviously.
It’s just, you know, it seems like half the teachers are alumni, and…
Actually, I’m about to be really arrogant, and presumptuous, and say mean things for no real reason other than I think I know better, so… forget it.
Michael! Say it, c’mon, you can’t take me to the water’s edge of an idea here and then not jump in, that’s just cruel!
No, no, really, I’m talking outta my ass, it’s fine.
I’m listening, c’mon, I’m not gonna judge.
No no no no keep going, it’s fine, I hate people, too! You can rag on the town!
What, you think the teachers are wasting their lives? Well, they *are* wasting their lives!
Alright, okay, thank you, but… really, nevermind, it had nothing to do with anything.
I’ve bored you enough.
I’m boring *me* right now.
Any school.
I’m thinking of just forfeiting the money and not doing it.
It’s why I ask my little *sister* for advice all the time.
And why I can still look at myself in the mirror.
Go to school here…
Or take a chance and leave.
Yeah?
And match every beer with a water.
And take classes outside of school.
Classes you don’t need.
And I love you and you're amazing, and that's it, so.
Okay, so… let’s say you have two choices. One is… safer...
You know what, I’m not even gonna shroud it in whatever, look, I’m thinking of not going to school. At all.
Uh, okay, but… do what instead?
Just move somewhere, out of state… get a job, learn on the job, learn… “unfettered,” I guess.
I don’t... I don’t know, Michael. A free ride is a free ride, and… you’ll have lots of time to change your mind.
I’m scared… that if I let myself go… that’ll be it. I’m never leaving.
Why? Don’t you wanna... I mean, it’s not like it’d be *hard* for you, and... you can wait to declare what you wanna do.
I know I can, but....
And I dunno, it’s just… a feeling I have, but…
Listen, of the thousand and one things I love about you, Alex… the fact that you don’t care what people think will always hover around the top five.
I care! I care what people think! Do people think I don’t care what they think!?
Relax! I’m saying it’s a good thing, you’re... you go your own way, you have your own whatever, it’s *nice*.
Thanks! I like to consider myself a one-woman roadshow of baseless yet staunch opinions.
Yes, exactly.
Huh, I feel strangely insulted by this… like it’s what you would tell a crazy person who has no taste.
You can be both things, trust me.
But… anyways, all of that is why I need you to tell me… really… What do you think I should do.
Michael. Stay here. Please. I... I don’t want you to go.
Michael. I think you should leave. Just… go, and… see what happens.
Michael, I… I really can’t tell you this time. This has to be up to you.
I’m guessing you… want me to stay… but just don’t wanna say it.
Yeah, if you want?
Alex, just… get good friends, okay? And... when you’re with those friends just say yes to everything.
And… keep away from boys when you talk to them it feels like they’re performing...
But also stay away from girls who look you in the eye for too long.
Michael, what is… what’s this for, what are you doing?
This is just… this a just in case package, okay.
Oh, c’mon, Michael, we already have a *Dad*, you should know, we all live in the same house.
Um, okay. I’ll make a, uh, a checklist.
Just in case I’m not around.
And I love you, and you’re amazing, and that’s it, so…
I know I’m amazing.
I love you, too.
Uh, thanks, I think.
Listen, here’s the... you *can’t* tell Mom or Dad, but Clarissa and I are talking about just leaving.
What?! Mike, you’re kidding me, right?
I mean I know you said you were gonna “commit,” or whatever, but isn’t running off like you’re in Badlands taking it a bit far?
Oh, c’mon, it’s not *that* crazy.
Wow, that’s... that’s exciting. This is like a huge deal, like… the Boxcar Children version of getting married or something.
Uh, it’s- yeah, it’s kinda a big deal, I guess. It’ll be a lot harder to break up at least, so… there’s some level of, uh, *vow* there.
Michael, seriously, you’d leave me here… *all* alone… with these boring, bland people who don’t come up with stuff like grocery cart chariot race?
*You* came up with that one, so… you’re not really losing out. And I’d still visit all the time, so… you know.
She’s been really pushing for it, wanting to look for places, and I… I’m into the idea, I really am.
I just... I wouldn’t feel right about it if I didn’t have your, like, blessing first.
Getting an apartment somewhere and... and just doing our own thing, you know?
Getting jobs, and… getting away.
So... Can you just wave your hand over my head or something and say I’m alright to do this?
I… God, it’s hard for me to say since I love you of course, but… you should do it. Totally.
Even if it explodes in a nuclear war style break-up, you’ll regret never trying.
Thanks. That… means a lot.
Michael, you… you have a lot that you can do and a lot ahead of you and I don’t think tying yourself to your high school girlfriend in a such a risky way is the smart play here.
It’s not supposed to be... it’s not supposed to the *safe* play, that’s like the whole… thing of it.
But… I know what you’re saying.
Michael, honestly… I don’t think it matters. Or… it doesn’t matter what I think… at least.
It matters to me.
Alright, I get it, it’s a hard thing to sign off on.
I’ve been, like… struggling with this stupid speech, the Graduation Day thing.
I don’t want it to be just the usual blah blah we’ve come so far type stuff. It should have like a point, right?
Oh, hey, I didn’t even know you were home.
You’re always so quiet.
It’s like living with a little fairy tale mouse.
Wait, I’m… this is our house?
I’m not... I can’t play Amnesia Spy Girl right now, seriously, pretend to snap Ren’s neck on your own time.
Are you… back? Are we back now, or…?
Uh, yeah, I’m back, I was only gonna be at Terry’s house for the game.
Wait, did I get booted back in time?
I know, I haven’t used this desk in like a *year*... But Dad has all his gear on the kitchen table, so.
Okay, that must be the way station. And… actually, help me understand, why would an *island* need anything like that anyway.
Like, nobody’s going anywhere.
Doesn’t the whole thing just go in a circle?
But seriously why would an island need a service station?
Do you know?
Um, this was a… mining island… before the war.
And the land, you know, as you can *tell*... it wasn’t really conducive to most different ways of transport, *so* they dug into the hills and laid down tracks and carted the coal by freight to the, uh, the pier for the boats.
Uhhh, it’d, uh, it’d just bore you.
Hey, I *like* history! ” Remember?
That army equipment in the tower?
Yeah, no, but that’s like *war* history, this is *farming* history. There’s a difference.
Oh. I see.
Uh, don’t worry about it, it’s not... it doesn’t really matter, so.
I bet you know. I bet you know *exactly* why there used to be track here and you’re *holding out on me*.
[laughs]
Can I ask you something?
Yeah, of course.
Uh. Yeah…?
Um, it kind of depends…
And please, be brutally frank.
I can take it.
But look, I’m getting a weird feeling that you think I’m not too bright.
That’s the case, right?
Jonas! I think you’re smart, c’mon! What are you talking about?
Mmm… I don’t know. I just sometimes get, like, these *whiffs* of… I don’t know…
Um… about average, I’d say. The national mean.
The national mean. Alright. I can live with that.
What does it even matter!
Wow, you think I’m an idiot.
I didn’t say that!
You didn’t *say* anything, there’s all the evidence I need!
Yep. But don’t worry, I won’t hold it against you.
*Thanks*.
Man, your silence is deafening. And I’m only asking because I sometimes get these… whiffs of… I don’t know…
I can’t think of the word for it…
Disdain?
I don’t know. Act it out.
“Disdain.“
“Disdain.“
“Disdain.“
No, that’s not it.
Yeah, not talking is pretty much it, good job. But...
Superiority?
Noooo, not that.
Maybe it’s *stress*, like from what’s going on? Right now?
You think I don’t know stress? I *know* stress.
[laughs]
It’s like...
It’s like… I dunno, it’ll come to me.
I mean, it’s not like... I’m glad *someone* can tell, but….
I dunno.
The guy wouldn’t run off before we got here.
I don’t think, at least.
I don’t know how he, like, fell asleep during all of this…
But...
He was… standing right there?
Hey, just for me… I wanna know… back at the bridge, why’d you flip the switch yourself.
You could’ve let me do it.
I’m just curious.
Oh, to impress you, of course! Why would I do anything except to delicately enhance your opinion of me!
Okay, alright.
Eh, I just wanted to see what would happen, to be honest.
Alright.
Oh c’mon, Jonas, are you still on that? We were stuck, I wanted to move things along, the end.
But, I guess… whatever.
Hey, just for me… why’d you let me flip the switch? Back at the bridge.
To be honest, I expected you to just bull ahead and do it yourself.
But you didn’t.
Cause you wanted to, that’s why. Pretty simple, really.
I just didn’t want to hurt your feelings, okay? It’s easier that way. With *boys*.
Alright, well you don’t have to do that with me, alright? Do what you want, I’m not gonna fret over it.
Cause why would I put myself in danger when I have my own personal stunt man standing right next to me.
I figured.
You think I’m kinda a slacker idiot, right?
Like I wouldn’t find any of this stuff interesting?
Right?
Um… I think your smarts are probably about average? I’d guess? The national mean.
[Inaudible murmuring]
Uhhhhh… crap.
I don’t…
Maybe we shouldn’t… uh… go near him.
Ugh, what’s… what’s happening to him?
I have no idea.
Ren, can you… can you hear me?
[Inaudible murmuring]
I mean… I know they say don’t move somebody with a spine injury, but, it’s like… we gotta do something….
Right?
This is a little different than a trampoline accident, he’s like turning into the Star Child.
I know it’s different, I know it's different, I’m just saying… we should do something.
I don’t know *what*, but… something.
Yeah, uh, any… thoughts on what we could do?
If I *did* have any thoughts on what would solve this, wouldn’t that be a little weird?
Well I’m not leaving him, so… that’s not even an option.
No, obviously. Unless we got like really really scared, then, you know…
Whoa, is this... is that helping him or hurting him?
It’s doing something, but…
Helping him, hopefully, I dunno.
It’s all I can think of to do!
He’s still breathing.
Oh God.
Hard to talk through child.
Feels stretched better now.
Were you in… Ren?
Ren. Kid. Home for voice. Sometimes.
Who… who are you?
We are abounding. Not one. Silly. Blue hair.
What are you?
In-between. Fastened. But loose. Grounded.
What do you… do you *want* anything?
Want hard to say. Need. Relief. Need powder.
But do not be scared. You are dolls. Would never hurt you.
Can not hurt you.
To be sure.
Uh, well… that’s… good.
Can you help us? We’re… stuck here, and… we just wanna go home.
Home. Camena. We will go home. All of us.
Can we, uh, help you… or…?
Leave. Possible.
Uh, yeah, sure, leave possible…
Um, maybe? But I don’t really…
I… I don’t know what you mean, so… I can’t…
Grounded. By the Adler. Margaret.
Pretty little poppy.
Bleating cow.
Maggie Adler? That old woman? What does she have to do with anything?
That old woman. Was young. Once.
We were young. Once.
We don’t... we don’t know what you want. If you could just… tell us… what do you want us to do?
Be you. Stay close. Don’t leave. Yet.
Sit still. Bear fruit.
Okay, we... we should... we should do something for Ren, right? But, like… maybe not try to move him in case of…
I don’t know… making it worse?
[Inaudible murmuring]
[Inaudible murmuring]
[Inaudible murmuring]
[Inaudible murmuring]
Jesus, Ren, are... are you...
Tag.
You. It.
Jonas! Where did you...
As. Always.
As always?
Another night. The same. Night. The same. Boy.
Anna. Tried. What you. Are plotting.
No one ever. Understands.
Anna? Who’s... who’s Anna?
Nothing. Now.
No one “understands?” No one understands what?
Plight. And sickness. You are in.
Wait, what do you think we’re “plotting?” What does that...
Everything. Happens. Again. And you will not. Fly. Above it.
Not. Adler.
Not. Another. Anna.
No one.
Ahhhhhh!
Ahhhhhh!
Ahhhhhh!
Holy Mother of God, you guys!
*God*, Ren.
*Man*, my heart’s going like a hummingbird in a... in a car or something.
What just happened.
Don’t... ugh, don’t do that! Man.
Sorry.
Ren, Jesus, are you alright?
Yeah, just, give me a second. Give me a week.
You’re alive!
I am? I am!
Why was that a question at first...
Uh, how are you feeling?
The brownies haven’t wore off, if that’s what you’re asking.
That’s not what I’m asking.
There was about a three minute period there where I was seriously panicking that I’d lost my car.
Then I remembered I was on an island.
Ren, did you see the giant ass ghost that just like... he was like living in your skull or something?
Uhhhhhh. Come again?
You were possessed by a ghost.
That would explain the aftertaste.
The island’s haunted, Ren.
Like, haunted with memories orrrr elevators on their period haunted.
The second one.
We’re in big trouble, Ren. Really big trouble, we need to call somebody or get a boat, but… we need to get out of here.
It’s ghosts. She doesn’t want to say it, but it’s ghosts. And you were possessed by one.
You were just possessed by a ghost, Ren. Don’t you remember any of this?
Not, no... not something like that. And I would think I would.
Why... why is this... why... actually, thanks for coming by the way.
Sure.
*Why* is this happening?!
I mean, I’ve been here... I’ve visited this place like fifteen times!
And before now, the worst thing that ever happened was, like... a kid would lose his shorts to the undertow.
But seriously, *why*. Why is this happening?
On Edward’s Island of all places?
Uhh… *we*... kinda… did something… weird.
What... what do you mean?
What... what do you mean?
Did you... did you curse the island?
Did you curse this island, you witch you?
Am we... are we gonna have to kill a virgin?
Okay, alright, but go back. *You* did something weird?
Alright, now. Seriously. What do you mean by *you* did a weird thing?
Ren, we were trapped in the cave, and...
The exit had completely, like, disappeared.
Disappeared?
Just listen!
When we went into the cave…
We were all in the cave.
The deeper part of the cave.
The deeper part of the cave?
We saw this… *triangle*... and... I tried to tune it in with the radio, and… just… everything went all House of Horrors on us.
We tried to tune in this thing with the radio, and… it opened something. And now there’s like a poltergeist running around.
It was the radio. There was a floating triangle *thing* and...
When I tried to tune it in… it just *did* something to the world.
*Did* something?
That’s about as good as we can describe it, yeah.
It was a mistake, okay? It was a stupid stupid mistake, and I wish I never brought this *stupid* dumb radio with and I wish I was never born, alright, this sucks.
Ontario? What?
She said “radio” but it doesn’t matter.
We just accidentally kickstarted the whole Hell on Earth thing.
No, none of that.
Eesh. If we don’t have our skin tomorrow, I’m blaming you.
Thanks.
Yeahhh, you know… who knows?
Well… what do you *think* it is?
Cause I’ve been racking my brain.
And this doesn’t really fit my whole *alien* theory with the caves, so…
But yeah, what do you think is the, like, *thing* that’s making everything crazy?
*Okay*, okay it was us. Or… me.
I dunno. The Rapture?
The Rapture means everyone *goes* to Heaven, not the other way around.
Please. Don’t confuse me any more than I already am.
When there’s no more room in Hell, the dead walk the Earth?
What’s that from again?
Some zombie movie.
We have no better idea than you.
That’s not good.
That doesn’t... that doesn’t seem it’d be part of a healthy lifestyle.
Something… listen, we did something weird with the radio in the cave...
We still have to go to Fort Milner to get Clarissa, but… I think Ren, you should go to the Comm Tower. We’ve been trying to send everybody there.
I emphasize *trying* because this little one likes telling people to go into dangerous places *alone*.
Like Nona.
I sense a story here.
We’ll tell you later.
For the last time, Jonas, Nona *wanted* to know about Clarissa. I bet she found her already and they’re having s'mores on the friggin’ beach right now.
While I’d like to just believe that, you know we still have to go to Milner to check.
No, you were wrong the first time and you’re wrong now, Ren should just come with us to Milner.
Ummm, no, I think I’m with your new brother-in-training, here, I’d really rather just shack up at the Communications Tower if that’s alright…
Great, then we’re all agreed.
I just need a little… breather…
From… adventure.
I’m not agreed! I’m not agreeing, I want it on the record.
Noted.
You know what, Ren, you’re just... you’re a P-word. A big fat P-word. And you know the word I’m talking about.
Pimplehead.
Exactly.
Okay, sure, limp your little butt to the Comm Tower and wait for us there.
Oh shut up. Nona’s a big girl and she can handle some translucent tall men in her life.
*I* can barely handle it, so, I kinda doubt it.
Eeesh.
God, does anyone... is this thing working?
Nona?
If anyone can hear this… out there… in, uh, whatever... I’m at the Comm Tower on Edward’s Island?
Hey, she listened to us. Great.
Does she know how to even work that stuff?
It doesn’t sound like it.
So if anyone can… crap, is this... I’m trying to communicate with the...
Does she know how to even work that stuff?
It doesn’t sound like it.
Okay, now, but… what should we do about Nona?
Ughghgh, can’t, like, *anyone* work a two-way radio?!
Didn’t *everyone* have that, like, one *trucker* uncle who let them work the CB a few times for fun?!
Guess not.
We should get back there before she freaks out and runs away again.
Ugh. Idiot.
Hey, c’mon, she’s trying!
That’s... you know, maybe she’ll get somewhere.
*Trying* isn’t gonna help us, Ren, knowing how to contact help is gonna help us.
Fine, she’s not an idiot, she’s just very over her head right now. \r\n
I think that was our cue, then. It’s kind of a shortcut back to the Communication Tower if we go through this fence.
Shouldn’t take that long.
*What*. You made us walk all the... we had to take a Goddamn *moving bridge thing* to get here, and all you had to do was go through a *fence* to get to the Comm Tower?!
I didn’t wanna leave, I was scared, I'm sorry!
[angry moan]
I think it’s actually locked…
Not from this side. It’s a little latch, I could see it from the window.
I’m glad you can make sense of this place’s geography, because I’m still struggling.
So… are we goin’ back to the Comm Tower for Nona, or…
We should round up Clarissa at Ft. Milner first.
So Nona’s at Harden and Clarissa’s at Milner.
How do you know Clarissa’s at Ft. Milner?
She called me right after I called you, but the line died pretty quick.
Maybe at the tower it was her on the other line...
Oh yeah…
Maybe.
Or it was who you said it could’ve been, a clueless night watchman or something, who knows, it doesn’t matter.
They’d never have believed us, anyway.
Oh. Whoopsie.
Hey, if it was Clarissa serves her right for being so… *her*.
Look, we’ll split up. You guys do that… and *I* can go tend to the lovely damsel distressed in ye olde tower..
I wish you wouldn’t put it that way, but…
Yeah, *thanks*, leave us the supremely annoying one.
You’re welcome!
Just.. keep it in your pants, okay.
No promises!
Actually, wait… that kind of sounds like I’m going to force myself on her...
*Yeah*, I was just gonna say.
Can you even make it there?
Can I even make it there?!
You did just have a… *spectre* wearing you like a suit.
And all that’s left is a little indigestion, I’ll be fine.
Sure. Have at it. Ye.
Alright, well, guess we’re goin’ thattaway, so... we’ll see you at the Comm Tower, hopefully with Clarissa.
Anyways, Ren, go to the Comm Tower. We’ll meet you there later.
Good luck!
Not a problem!
Don’t do anything stupid!
I believe in you!
Right back atcha!
Milner, ho?
Milner, ho.
Ho.
We came here to do a thing let’s do the thing.
Remember, you said, “leaving isn’t an option?”
I don’t wanna leave him, we can’t.
Ren must have used this to call us.
It looks smashed.
Was this what you called us on?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. And then it just kinda exploded.
I think I remember reading that this well is supposed to be the first thing ever, uh, “built” or whatever on the island. Back in the 1600’s.
It doesn’t have a sign or anything…
It, uh, used to, I think.
Well, what else are you gonna say about a well other than, “People got thirsty and drank from it.”
Uh huh.
There used to actually be train tracks around here. But they took them out, I think, because of, uh, safety issues? I don’t know.
Safety issues? Why would that be?
It’s just some, you know, *iron*.
I wonder why they’d care.
Yeah, seems, uh, overzealous, kinda.
Hey, you know, trains can be dangerous. Some tennis guy in our school got flattened by one just last semester.
Oh, well if the “tennis guy” got flattened, there's obviously an issue.
I don’t know if you, uh, remember, but… the last time we got stuck we used one of these things to get out of it, so… I’m not just messing around right now.
Yeah, I remember, I remember…. kind of.
Ren! Are you in there? C’mon, pal, the neighbors are here and they wanna borrow some sugar!
This isn’t a guy on drugs.
Not that I wanna, like, alarm you.
Yeah, I don’t *want* to say the word, uh, “possession,” here… but…
Butttt?
What?
But he’s possessed, it’s possession, he’s clearly possessed.
Well, you know, let’s not jump to conclusions here, maybe it’s... *not*... that.
But I don’t know how to finish that sentence.
Okay.
Nope, it’s the brownie. “Winners don’t do drugs.” Arcade games taught me that.
I’ll keep that in mind.
Rennnn!
I hope you have a Plan B.
Wait, are the... the triangle things, when they get like this, is this, like, when they *stop* working or… something else?
Uhhhh, I don’t think I took whatever class would have ever taught me that.
This island has had many owners. Portuguese explorers, Spanish settlers, but few stayed long, preferring the ranch work offered by the mainland. After 1890, the island was gifted to Col. Caleb Edwards for his part in the American Indian Wars, and he would lease it to several mining companies throughout the early 1900’s. This Relay Station served as the center of a makeshift railroad that carted coal to northern and southern piers. When Edwards died, the government saw a hole in national security at the outset of World War 2, and decided to take control of the island once again, founding Fort Milner in 1941.
Wait, we can’t leave without Ren.
Wait, we can’t leave without Ren.
We can come back, it’s not a big deal.
What? No big deal, we came all this way *specifically* to get Ren! C’mon, what are you doing, let’s get him.
I’m not leaving, I’m just… walking.
Alright, it just… looked like you were leaving for a second.
Wait, we can’t go yet. Ren is, like, in a *state* of something. Let’s fix him.
Okay, *fine*, Mr. I Care About People In Obvious Need of Help.
That’s like a... that’s like a royal title.
I’m just checking things out, don’t get your whatever in a knot.
Hey whoa, Alex, wait we gotta... we gotta like *plan* here, *formulate*.
Wait, Alex, really, let’s get this straight, or, I mean at least let *me* get it straight before you run off again.
Alex, hold up, let’s get our, uh, intentions in order here, we’ll leave in a minute.
[Gurgling]
[Pained gurgling]
There’s your boy.
Hey, Ren! We made it, finally!
Hey, Ren! Are you alright?
Ren, you idiot, we had to clomp all over the forest to find you. Couldn’t you have met us halfway?
Ren! Hey, have you seen any of the others?
Uh, Ren?
Uh, but I think something’s wrong with your friend.
Ren, c’mon. What’s... what’s the matter?
Is he in shock or something? He looks weird.
Yeah, I dunno.
Seriously, Ren, you can have a drug freak out on your own time. I don’t have the patience to worry about you right now, so... c’mon, look alive here.
Ren!
Damnit, I think we’re…. we’re *looping* again.
Oh. *Oh*, really? Man, it’s, like… it’s kinda weird that you can tell when it’s happening and I can’t, right?
Ughgh, Jonas, we’re repeating the same, uh, *stuff* again.
We are? Huh, it’s, like… it’s kinda weird that you can tell when it’s happening and I can’t, right?
Where’d Ren go? Ren!
He’s… he’s probably around here somewhere.
Well… I guess I’ll look it up or something if we get back.
Yeah, I dunno. I’d be worried about it if I were you, cause, believe me, it’s *pretty* obvious.
Okay, well, I... I don’t really know what to do with that, but fine, I’ll worry about it.
It’s not like you have some *condition*, Jonas, you’re just a little slow on the uptake, that’s all.
This is... that’s *really* slow, like a whole new level of slow, then, but fine.
*I’m* more worried about the actual, like, whole time falling apart thing than whether or not you notice it, Jonas.
Yeah, no, that is, uh, still on my mind, trust me.
It’s just... strange.
Ren... he *was* just here a second ago. If we didn’t get, uh, “displaced” too drastically, hopefully he wasn’t, either.
We’re in another... the *time* messing up stuff is happening again. I think it booted Ren somewhere or something.
Oh great, more of that.
Island island blah blah.
Miners did stuff, it was stuff and that’s it.
Just… whatever.
Ren?
What’s he doing? Is he, like, sleepwalking?
I’ve *seen* sleepwalking, okay? Michael sleepwalked and the worst he’d do is take his pillow into the hallway, this is like… something else.
He’s like... it’s like he has a fever or something.
No, what you’re witnessing is a patented Ren-style drug freak out, Jonas.
The show’s always the same, he’ll come to in about five hours and want orange juice and nachos.
Well, I don’t wanna stay here for five hours, so… fix him.
Hey, where’d Ren go?
I thought… I thought this would’ve fixed it. Like last time? Didn’t it?
The time… stuff? Yeah, I mean, I think it... I think it did, I don’t feel as foggy.
Oh God, please… don’t let me have screwed this up any more.
Ren! Are you still here?
He was… standing right there?
Guys! Jesus, it took you *forever* to get here, what happened?
I’ve been scared out of my mind, hearing things.
Seeing things.
We, uh, went to Milner first. Clarissa was having a slow motion conniption, and, I dunno, it just seemed more pressing…
Oh my God, Clarissa can handle herself, *I’m* the one that needed a babysitter until I was fourteen.
Yeah, sorry about that. We got sorta side-tracked.
It’s fine, sorry, I’ve just been… spazzing.
Hey, we came, alright! We’re here to “rescue” you, so just be appreciative.
I’m appreciative, I can still nitpick your methods.
Do you have, like, *any* idea what’s going on?
Oh man, thank God, I thought you were a werewolf.
Alright, you have all your limbs apparently, so let’s use them and go.
Every ten feet’s been a horrifying ordeal the *entire* way here so… you’re lucky we made it.
And I am grateful, believe me.
I wouldn’t have made it to the Comm Tower, trust me, I get lost in houses when there's more than two bathrooms.
Good to see you’re okay. It’s… bad out there.
No, I’m good. I’m just glad you’re here.
Thanks for coming.
Yeah, it’s fine. Let’s, uh, let’s go.
But honestly, *why* were you so long in getting here?
I thought you said you were coming, like, as soon as you hung up?
It was a long walk.
Why would we be a werewolf.
I’ve convinced myself that’s the issue here.
We made it alright.
Christ, though, seriously, I was getting worried about you.
I… I don’t know.
“Find it... and discover the true chronicle of the island.”
JONAS: W... wait, Jesus, *what* are you doing jumping across that? _0001
W... wait, Jesus, *what* are you doing jumping across that?
Выбираемая фраза
Who’s talking?
How do you know this?
Why?
Fine.
Great!
Who’s talking?
How do you know this?
Who’s talking?
How do you know this?
Yeah, I remember this, too.
Of course!
What radio?
Of course!
What radio?
Oh God, this thing?
I don't know yet.
Yeah, he'll do.
He's nice.
I don't know yet.
Yeah, he'll do.
He's nice.
I hope.
Maybe.
Mike's dead, so...
Yeah. Sucks.
Better than my room.
You're nuts.
I'll forget sometimes.
I'm listening!
Sorry.
What is it!?
THINK.
I don't care.
Wait, what?
No way.
Cool!
Wait, what?
No way.
Cool!
I don't believe it.
Serial killer.
Nothing crazy.
I don't believe it.
Serial killer.
Nothing crazy.
I was messing with you.
You were so excited!
Gross!
Yeah, sure...
I don't believe that part.
Maybe!
Who's talking?
What's going on?
Where are you going?
Flavor country!
It's, uh, been a while...
I did notice.
Yeah, what's up with that?
Did you guys hear that last part?
Was that… me?
My mind drifted.
Yeah, sorry.
I'm listening.
Edwards Island
Uh, Bird Island or whatever.
Something something cookies?
I do not!
Do I?
How would you know?
That wasn't me
Oh yeah...
They're in love.
Kinda...
YES, it's weird.
They're in love.
Kinda...
YES, it's weird.
A step-brother.
A roommate.
Just some guy.
A step-brother.
A roommate.
Just some guy.
No, THAT'S weird.
Yeah, it's nice.
Sure, whatever.
Ahhhhhh, stop!
How I've tried to forget.
Best buds, clearly.
I do not!
Do I?
How would you know?
Yes, please don’t.
No, what happened?
Yes, please don’t.
No, what happened?
This is so familiar...
Huh?
I'm listening.
Yes, please don’t.
No, what happened?
He got lost in some gardens...
Yes, please don’t.
No, what happened?
He got lost in some gardens...
A step-brother.
A roommate.
We didn’t talk about this already?
A step-brother.
A roommate.
We didn’t talk about this already?
Sure.
Actually, no thanks.
Sure.
Actually, no thanks.
He is.
He's whatever.
He annoys me.
I was just kidding.
Yeah, it feels strange.
It's not THAT weird.
It IS kinda strange...
You miss your friends?
How do you think I feel?
We'll make the best of it.
Stop it.
And proud of it!
No, I get it.
Kind of...
That was Mike's room...
We didn't set it for you.
No problem...
That was Mike's room...
We didn't set it for you.
No problem...
It's okay.
Let's change the subject.
I heard your mom's dead.
I heard you were in jail?
Nice, uh, view.
We'll get there.
A LOT of time.
Precicely.
Only over movies.
It's Biblical... right?
It means, \“Oppressor...\“
Changed my mind.
Give me a second.
Yeah, sure.
I'll stay here with Ren.
Yeah, sure.
I'll stay here with Ren.
You're right, forget it.
Since now.
I'm being polite!
You're right, forget it.
Since now.
I'm being polite!

True.
But I wanna shop!
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Nona, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
Sure.
Actually, no thanks.
Sure.
Actually, no thanks.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Why didn’t you tell us?
Crappy start to it, huh?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Why didn’t you tell us?
Crappy start to it, huh?
Say what you wanna say.
Don’t worry about it.
CLARISSA did that?
That’ sweet.
We’ll find her.
Prepare for the worst…
Don’t worry.
She’ alive!
Where have you been?
How were you not killed!
I hate when this happens!
Ghosts, what do you want?
Clarissa, fight them off!
I’ll try.
What do you expect me to do!
This happened to Jonas, too.
Why would her stuff be here?
Is there a key in there?
Let’ not mess with it.
What could that mean?
What is that?
Isn’t she dead?
Forces outside her control?
The safety of others?
“Many” truths?
Scavenger hunt!
Chores, yawn.
Huh? I’m confused…
That’ us!
That’ me!
Good luck, lady.
What a find!
This is like a mystery novel.
No way I’m doing this.
Ahh, cool.
Really?
Let’ go then.
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Jonas, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
It’ hopeless.
I wanna explore more.
It’ hopeless.
I wanna explore more.
It’ hopeless.
I wanna explore more.
Leave us alone!
Are you keeping us here?
Did we bring you back?
Leave us alone!
Are you keeping us here?
Did we bring you back?
Leave us alone!
Are you keeping us here?
Did we bring you back?
Why are you stuck?
What are you between?
What do you need?
Why won’t it help?
“Talk to radio?”
What do we need to do?
Why are you stuck?
What are you between?
What do you need?
I am!
I’m not.
Yeah, annoying.
They gave us some stuff.
Yeah…
Maybe…
No…
I’m trying to help you!
Are you… not possessed?
Yes we are!
What more can we do!
What have you done!
It’ helped the others!
There’ a ghost in you!
Fury at what?
Is this the ghost talking?
We’re your friends!
Uh oh.
Don’t go near her!
Is she… alive?
We don’t know what that is!
She could be dangerous!
She wasn’t herself!
I’m sorry, Nona.
Maybe she’ just really hurt?
We have to fix this!
Yes.
Don’t remember anything, I take it?
CONSTANTLY.
Clarissa freaking out on me?
Clarissa being possessed?
Yeah, of course.
What is it?
No, you’re crazy.
Yeah, of course.
What is it?
No, you’re crazy.
Let’ find it.
We don’t have time for this.
Maybe we shouldn’t…
Let’ find it.
We don’t have time for this.
Maybe we shouldn’t…
Who cares!
We need that key, Jonas!
Good point.
Oh please!
Alright, fine.
Kicking it in, really?
Fun and profitable.
What about alarms?
He is.
What did you want to talk about?
He annoys me.
I was just kidding.
Yeah, it feels strange.
It's not THAT weird.
It IS kinda strange...
You miss your friends?
How do you think I feel?
We'll make the best of it.
Stop it.
And proud of it!
No, I get it.
Kind of...
That was Mike's room...
We didn't set it for you.
No problem...
That was Mike's room...
We didn't set it for you.
No problem...
It's okay.
Let's change the subject.
I heard your mom's dead.
I heard you were in jail?
Nice, uh, view.
We'll get there.
A LOT of time.
Precicely.
Only over movies.
He’ just a boy.
Alright.
Yeah, but what are ya gonna do.
Just his personality…
Yeah, we’re close.
Yep, just get the key and leave.
Hope Ren’ right…
Why would her stuff be here?
Is there a key in there?
Let’ not mess with it.
What could that mean?
What is that?
Isn’t she dead?
Forces outside her control?
The wellbeing of others?
“Many” truths?
Scavenger hunt!
Chores, yawn.
Huh? I’m confused.
That’ us!
That’ me!
Good luck, lady.
What a find!
This is like a mystery novel.
Ahh, cool.
Really?
Let’ go then.
I'm not a dog.
What's the rush?
Aye, aye.
ROCK SIDE?
Why don't you help us?
Is this safe, Ren?
Relax, Jonas...
Define fun.
Is there another way?
Yeah, it's an adventure!
Knock on wood.
I’m sure it’ here.
Better be here...
Shut up, Jonas.
We have to deal with it.
Clarissa’ in trouble.
Yes.
Don’t remember anything, right?
CONSTANTLY.
Clarissa dying?
Clarissa going mental?
The Time Loop stuff?
Why thank you.
That means you, right?
How’d they pull that?
That’ kinda cute.
That's kinda gross.
Are more people coming?
We’re not allowed here?
“Improper acts?” Like what?
Are more people coming?
We’re not allowed here?
“Improper acts?” Like what?
Ugh.
Haha.
Why?!
No way.
There's an explanation...
Creepy.
No way.
There's an explanation...
Creepy.
I wasn't there!
Whatever.
I can't imagine that.
Beach living sounds nice.
Why wouldn’t I be?
If it’ on an island!
Maybe not…
So what if I am?
Not really...
A little birdy?
What does THAT mean?
I’m not even sure yet.
Why do you care?
Why do you care about this?
Thank you, I will.
Why do you even care?
Sheesh, fine.
I'd miss you too!
Don't look out for me.
I'm sorry.
We normally don't bicker.
Shut up.
I can't imagine that.
Beach living sounds nice.
Why wouldn’t I be?
If it’ on an island!
Maybe not…
So what if I am?
Not really...
A little birdy?
What does THAT mean?
I’m not even sure yet.
Why do you care?
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Ren, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
What do you think the secrets are?
Who was Maggie Adler anyway?
Can’t wait to get home.
No, she was on to something.
Maybe…
But something’ going on, right?
No, she was on to something.
Maybe…
But something’ going on, right?
The ghosts are mad at her...
Maybe it’ military secrets she knows.
The ghosts are mad at her...
Maybe it’ military secrets she knows.
Tell my mom what happened.
Take a bath.
Go to sleep.
Yeah, sure.
No thanks.
Yeah, sure.
No thanks.
Eh, he’ right, I shouldn’t.
I wanna smoke!
I'm being polite!
Eh, he’ right, I shouldn’t.
I wanna smoke!
I'm being polite!
Knock on wood.
Ren’ a good egg.
Guess we’ll find out!
Yes.
Don’t remember anything, I take it?
CONSTANTLY.
Clarissa freaking out on me?
Clarissa being possessed?
Who cares!
We need that key, Jonas!
Good point.
Oh please!
Alright, fine.
“Brute force it?”
Fun and profitable.
What about alarms?
No…
I’m trying to help you!
Are you… not possessed?
Yes we are!
What more can we do!
What have you done!
It’ helped the others!
There’ a ghost in you!
Fury at what?
Is this the ghost talking?
We’re your friends!
She’ alive!
Where have you been?
How were you not killed!
I hate when this happens!
Ghosts, what do you want?
Clarissa, fight them off!
I’ll try.
What do you expect me to do!
This happened to Ren.
She’ alive!
Where have you been?
How were you not killed!
C’mon, ghosts, stop it!
What more do they want?
Maybe.
Or maybe not.
Only one way to find out.
Maybe.
Or maybe not.
Only one way to find out.
Oh yeah.
You’ll get used to it.
I hate it.
Oh yeah.
You’ll get used to it.
I hate it.
Let's just climb it.
Is this safe?
What if we're caught?
No…
I’m trying to help you!
Are you… not possessed?
Yes we are!
What more can we do!
What have you done!
It’ helped the others!
There’ a ghost in you!
Fury at what?
Is this the ghost talking?
We’re your friends!
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Jonas, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
What’ going on?
Are you controlling this?
Guys, this isn’t real!
Oh good.
There must be something.
Uh oh.
Don’t go near her!
Is she… alive?
We don’t know what that is!
She could be dangerous!
She wasn’t herself!
She was dragged?
Who knows.
Adrenaline gave out…
I’m sure he’ right.
Hopefully…
Guess we’ll find out!
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
I’m going to check on Ren.
I’m just walking around.
What’ going on?
A baseball game?
Is this still her?
Wow.
Oh my God.
Say you love her.
Tell her you’re sorry.
Say whatever you want.
There’ nothing to tune.
I think she’ gone…
I tried my best.
Hey, don’t blame me!
Maybe it wasn’t her!
It’ gonna be okay.
Back off.
Maybe I would!
“Singing” a different tune.
Flavor country!
It's, uh, been a while...
We looped again.
Damn it.
Clarissa?
We looped again.
Damn it.
Clarissa?
We broke time?
The ghosts are doing it.
It’ not our fault!
How’d they pull that?
That’ kinda cute.
That's kinda gross.
Are more people coming?
We’re not allowed here?
“Improper acts?” Like what?
Are more people coming?
We’re not allowed here?
“Improper acts?” Like what?
Ugh.
Haha.
Why?!
No way.
There's an explanation...
Creepy.
No way.
There's an explanation...
Creepy.
I wasn't there!
Whatever.
I’m not that far, keep talking.
I should check on Jonas.
Just need some air.
I’m still here!
Just need some air.
I’m still here!
Just need some air.
I’m still here!
I know.
I miss Michael, too.
It’ okay.
It hasn’t.
You make it okay.
I don’t know.
Ancient history.
Thank you.
It hurt, I’ll admit.
Maybe later.
Sure...
Maybe later.
Sure...
Sad, really.
[JOKE] War is hell.
You're a huge nerd.
Maybe later.
Sure...
Maybe later.
Sure…
Sad, really.
[JOKE] War is Hell.
Whoa, what was that?
Okay…
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Jonas, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
Yeah, lucky.
She could’ve helped!
Why didn’t you let her?
Yeah, lucky.
She could’ve helped!
Why didn’t you let her?
She notice anything weird?
At least she survived!
She notice anything weird?
At least she survived!
Do you think she knew?
She’ just screwing with you.
Like graduating, kind of?
Do you think she knew?
She’ just screwing with you.
Like graduating, kind of?
Oddly coincidental.
What’d she do here?
I don’t feel like that.
Oddly coincidental.
What’d she do here?
I don’t feel like that.
What’ wrong with Ren being here?
Don’t be weird already, Jonas…
Is something wrong?
You miss your friends?
How do you think I feel?
We'll make the best of it.
Stop it.
And proud of it!
No, I get it.
Kind of...
That was Mike's room...
We didn't set it for you.
No problem...
That was Mike's room...
We didn't set it for you.
No problem...
It's okay.
Let's change the subject.
I heard your mom's dead.
I heard you were in jail?
Nice, uh, view.
We'll get there.
A LOT of time.
Precicely.
Only over movies.
Let’ keep together.
I’ll hear what Jonas has to say.
What’ wrong with Ren being here?
Don’t be weird already, Jonas…
I think I know what you’re gonna say.
Ahh, cool.
Really?
Let’ go then.
Why would her stuff be here?
Let’ not mess with it.
What could that mean?
What is that?
Isn’t she dead?
Forces outside her control?
The wellbeing of others?
“Many” truths?
Scavenger hunt!
Chores, yawn.
Huh? I’m confused.
That’ us!
That’ me!
Good luck, lady.
What a find!
This is like a mystery novel.
No way I’m doing this.
Yeah, we’re close.
Yep, just get the key and leave.
Hope your plan works…
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
No, even after tonight.
Well, maybe…
That stuff is all hogwash.
What’ rubbed off on you?
It’ nice to have that, now.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
I’m surprised.
You're brainwashed.
Like what?
I’m surprised.
I can't imagine that.
Like what?
I get that.
That breeds laziness.
I’m surprised.
Yeah, it helps me, too.
Like what?
I’m surprised.
I can't imagine that.
Like what?
I’m surprised.
Yeah, it helps me, too.
Like what?
I’m surprised.
You're brainwashed.
Like what?
No…
I’m trying to help you!
Are you… not possessed?
Yes we are!
What more can we do!
What have you done!
It’ helped the others!
There’ a ghost in you!
Fury at what?
Is this the ghost talking?
We’re your friends!
Knock on wood.
Ren’ a good egg.
Guess we’ll find out!
I don't know yet.
Yeah, he'll do.
He's nice.
I don't know yet.
Yeah, he'll do.
He's nice.
I hope.
Maybe.
Mike's dead, so...
Yeah. Sucks.
Better than my room.
You're nuts.
I'll forget sometimes.
I'm listening!
Sorry.
What is it!?
THINK.
I don't care.
Wait, what?
No way.
Cool!
Wait, what?
No way.
Cool!
I don't believe it.
Serial killer.
Nothing crazy.
I don't believe it.
Serial killer.
Nothing crazy.
I was messing with you.
You were so excited!
Gross!
Yeah, sure...
I don't believe that part.
Maybe!
I'm listening!
Sorry.
We looped again.
Nona?
Clarissa?
We looped again.
Nona?
Clarissa?
We looped again.
Ren?
Clarissa?
We looped again.
Ren?
Clarissa?
We broke time?
The ghosts are doing it.
It’ not our fault!
Calm down.
It’ going to be fine.
I’m right there with you!
Some help you are.
Cool.
I don’t get it.
No, not at all.
Forget I asked.
Cross your fingers...
Who cares!
We need that key, Jonas!
Good point.
Oh please!
Alright, fine.
“Bust our way through?”
Fun and profitable.
What do you think the secrets are?
Who was Maggie Adler, anyway?
Can’t wait to get home.
You think she knew?
Nah, it’ something else.
Probably.
You think she knew?
Nah, it’ something else.
Probably.
The ghosts are mad at her…
Maybe she hid military secrets…
The ghosts are mad at her…
Maybe she hid military secrets…
Tell my mom what happened.
Take a bath.
Go to sleep.
I’m sorry, but no.
Clarissa’ in bad shape.
My friends need me.
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Jonas, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
Yeah, relax.
Um, a few times.
I wanna see what it’ll do!
Ehhh, maybe…
Yeah, relax.
Um, a few times.
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a while ago.
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
I said I was sorry!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
Jonas was there, too!
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
Jonas, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
No, let’ fix the loop.
Sure, I can wait.
[SILENCE]
No, let’ fix the loop.
Sure, I can wait.
[SILENCE]
This doesn’t feel right.
We should go.
I can kinda hear it…
I don’t think it’ her.
It’ possible?
I don’t think it’ her.
It’ possible?
Too dangerous.
We should leave.
Sure
Too dangerous.
We should leave.
Sure
Are you crazy!
Will you relax!
We have to go!
Getting home is more important!
[...]
That could be anything!
No, we would still leave!
That’ completely different!
That’ totally irrelevant!
IT IS GARBAGE!
What does that matter!
That wasn’t your Mom, okay?!
Because it’ the truth!
I don’t know!
I care about stuff!
I cared about Michael!
How does that make sense!
I just do!
I don’t!
Yes it is!
What does that matter!
I don’t blame you!
Because you wanted me to!
And I admit it!
I don’t think you’re stupid!
It’ NOT HER!
That doesn’t matter!
Yes you can!
Too bad!
I’m sorry, okay!
Why should I!
Of course I do!
You don’t think of me as a sister!
I HAVE tried!
How can you feel that way!
I can’t either!
That’ not my problem!
Don’t take it out on me!
She’ alive!
Where have you been?
How were you not killed!
I hate when this happens!
Ghosts, what do you want?
Clarissa, fight them off!
Maybe.
Or maybe not.
Only one way to find out.
Maybe.
Or maybe not.
Only one way to find out.
Ahh, cool.
Really?
Let’ go then.
Why would her stuff be here?
Let’ not mess with it.
What could that mean?
What is that?
Isn’t she dead?
Forces outside her control?
The wellbeing of others?
“Many” truths?
Scavenger hunt!
Chores, yawn.
Huh? I’m confused.
That’ us!
That’ me!
Good luck, lady.
What a find!
This is like a mystery novel.
No way I’m doing this.
Yeah, we’re close.
Yep, just get the key and leave.
Hope your plan works…
Is she… okay?
What was that about?
No clue.
Time loop thing?
You were DEAD a minute ago.
Back to normal?
Do you remember what happened?
Was that… you at all?
It’ not my fault!
We tuned something in…
We have to stick together now.
I’m sorry.
But who knew this would happen!
Why?!
Don’t listen to her.
[...]
What are you talking about!
Shut up!
That doesn’t make it my fault!
You weren’t there!
You’re a horrible person!
What?
You don’t think ANYTHING of me?
Jonas, it wasn’t my fault.
Don’t think of me like that.
It was awful.
You don’t care?
You SHOULD care.
Yes.
Don’t remember anything, I take it?
CONSTANTLY.
Clarissa dying?
Clarissa going mental.
The Time Loop stuff?
Why thank you.
That means you, right?
Ahh, cool.
Really?
Let’ go then.
Why would her stuff be here?
Let’ not mess with it.
What could that mean?
What is that?
Isn’t she dead?
Forces outside her control?
The wellbeing of others?
“Many” truths?
Scavenger hunt!
Chores, yawn.
Huh? I’m confused.
That’ us!
That’ me!
Good luck, lady.
What a find!
This is like a mystery novel.
No way I’m doing this.

Huh?
It’… cold?
The sun isn’t out!
Huh?
It’… cold?
The sun isn’t out!
I wanna look around some more.
Oh, okay.
Just some birds.
Nothing.
I HATE NATURE.
I changed my mind!
Yes, a marvelous adventure.
Shut up.
Be cool?
Why wouldn't I?
Relax!
Be cool?
Why wouldn't I?
Relax!
Yeah, what was it?
Leave it alone, Ren.
Jonas is just nervous about stuff.
Leave it alone, Ren.
Hi.
This is Jonas.
Hi.
This is Jonas.
Ugh, Clarissa’ here?
Just some birds.
Nothing.
I HATE NATURE.
I changed my mind!
Yes, a marvelous adventure.
Shut up.
Be cool?
Why wouldn't I?
Relax!
Be cool?
Why wouldn't I?
Relax!
Huh?
It’… cold?
The sun isn’t out!
Yeah, I think we have...
You’re nuts, that’ all.
We’re not in a Time Loop right now...
Yeah, I think we have…
You’re nuts, that’ all.
We’re not in a Time Loop right now…
Yeah, I think we have…
You’re nuts, that’ all.
We’re not in a Time Loop right now…
I don’t know, this feels new!
I’m not psychic!
“Ghosts suck?”
I don’t know, this feels new!
I’m not psychic!
“Ghosts suck?”
I don’t know, this feels new!
I’m not psychic!
“Ghosts suck?”
Yeah, so be nice.
He's cool.
I'm babysitting him.
Our parents are married.
Guess.
Who else was coming?
We're it.
C'mon, I'm fun!
Don't be mean.
Who invited you?
What about me?
Well SORRY.
What did I do?
THANKS.
Nevermind.
I don't even count?
Yay!
Yeah!
Yeah, so be nice.
He's cool.
I'm babysitting him.
C'mon, I'm fun!
Don't be mean.
Who invited you?
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.

Get a signal?
Let's go to the cave.
Sorry about them.
Let's go to the cave.
Fine.
Annoyed.
Pissed.
He'll be fine.
He has my Mom.
I should've warned you.
He'll be fine.
He has my Mom.
I should've warned you.
Yeah, so be nice.
He's cool.
I'm babysitting him.
Our parents are married.
Guess.
Let's explore!
I'm up for whatever.
Let's drink!
Bummer.
Let's see her house.
Bummer.
Let's see her house.
Let's explore!
I'm up for whatever.
Let's drink!
Let's explore!
Let’ just not do anything dangerous...
Let's drink!
What's that?
Isn't it Truth or DARE?
Fun!
Do we have to play this?
How can you prove that?
Fine, let's do it.
I'll just watch.
Give him a break.
Ooh, good one.
Ask me something instead!
I changed my mind!
Oh yeah, forget it.
He's lying!
Okay, moving on.
Pretty harsh, Clarissa.
Nevermind, I'm kidding.
He told me he liked her!
Eh... I'll pass.
Yay!
What's that?
Isn't it Truth or DARE?
Let’ do it.
And thanks for the beer.
Ren's into you.
So... about Ren...
I wasn't talking to you.
He's a great guy.
He's harmless.
I wasn't talking to you.
He's a great guy.
He's harmless.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Just stay out of it.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Just stay out of it.
As a boyfriend.
Just in general.
You tell him.
Sure thing.
Just think about it.
You tell him.
Sure thing.
Just think about it.
Think about ME dating him?
Sure thing.
Ren's into you.
So... about Ren...
I'm not a coward!
I didn't even lie!
One. Not weird.
Five. Weird enough.
Ten. Super weird.
What's wrong, really?
I wanna be friends.
Are you okay?
He seems okay.
What's your point?
Is there a question here?
What are you talking about?
That doesn't matter.
Get to the point.
[TRUTH] My brother died.
They had... issues.
This isn't fair.
[TRUTH] My brother died.
I quit.
Go to Hell.
What is your problem?
You are SO annoying.
Fine. Be that way.
We won't.
Sure thing!
Whatever.
Maybe later.
Sure, let's do it.
Ow!
REALLY?!
Hahaha.
Uh, I dunno...
Exploring?
Oh, sorry.
Yes I can!
I can still hear you!
Just keep going!
Gimme a sec.
I'm not leaving.
You're being mean.
It's not your fault.
What's her deal?
About Nona...
Haha.
I'm standing right here.
Of course!
You owe me.
About Nona...
I'm sorry.
She doesn't want to date!
It was funny!
I'm sorry.
It was funny!
Well... sorry.
Get over it, man.
I'm sorry, too.
Just watch it next time.
Gross.
Yeah, that'll work.
Give her space.
Go for it.
She doesn't want to date.
Give her space.
Go for it.
Why do you like her?
Girls like a challenge.
Play hard to get.
You only live once!
Girls wanna be romanced.
Okay.
There's other fish out there.
It's not you, it's her!
There's other girls!
It's not you, it's her!
There's other girls!
I told her to think about it!
Me!
Whatever.
Just tell me what to do.
Don't, Ren.
Gimme one.
\“Magic?\“
I saw it.
See what?
Haha, very funny.
I see it, too!
What is it?
No way!
Yeah way!
Uh... I don't know...
Jonas! Don't!
Wait for me!
You mean brownie?
Help me get Jonas!
Just rest.
WHAT.
HOURS?!
Lay it on me.
Take it easy.
I don't wanna play...
Lay it on me.
Take it easy.
I don't wanna play...
First, I'd marry Nona.
I'd marry Ren.
I'd marry Clarissa.
Just to piss you off.
You're funny.
You're, uh, tall?
I'd screw Ren.
I'd screw Clarissa.
Fine, I forfeit.
This is dumb.
I'd screw Clarissa.
I'd screw Nona.
I'd screw Nona.
I'd screw Ren.
Sorry...
You asked!
Sorry...
She got what was coming.
Sorry...
She got what was coming...
No!
Well... yeah.
That's a HORRIBLE question.
We're even now.
Thank you.
Yeah, it was stupid!
Forget it.
How is this possible?
What IS it?
It must be... uh...
How is this possible?
What IS it?
It must be... uh...
Satanic.
Scary.
Painful.
Nona.
Clarissa.
Jonas.
Do you LIKE Ren?
Ever mad at Clarissa?
Uh, ever pee in a pool?
I wanna hear it from her!
No?
That's it?!
Ha!
Worst fear?
Have a crush on anyone?
Opinion of me?
That's not scary.
I get that.
You're wrong.
That's mean!
About what I expected.
Ever been to JAIL?
Like our town?
Happy we're siblings?
Aw, too bad.
Really?
Phew!
Thanks!
Camena's not that great.
What's wrong with Westedge
A dolphin, right?
Something evil.
A black spot, like a mole.
What's wrong?
This should be good.
Do you LIKE Ren?
Ever mad at Clarissa?
Do you like Jonas?
Nona.
Clarissa.
Jonas.
Worst fear?
Did you have plans with Michael?
Opinion of me?
Run away with him?
For the future?
I don’t know…
Ever beat up a guy?
Like our town?
Happy we're siblings?
One. Not weird.
Five. Weird enough.
Ten. Super weird.
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
Of course!
What radio?
I can still hear you.
Sorry, I get antsy.
Sorry!
She dated my brother.
Who cares.
She's a monster.
She never liked me!
She should get over it.
Yeah.
Kind of.
Are you okay?

Jonas!
Where are you!
Come back!
Jonas!
You total jerk!
Come back!
Jonas!
WHY did you run off?
Are you okay?
Didn't you hear me call?
WHY did you run off?
Are you okay?
In this context, YES.
It can be.
It's beautiful.
It's creeping me out.
Can we just go?
Neat.
Makes me sad.
Where'd you find it?
More creepiness!
Makes me sad.
Where'd you find it?
It’ someone’ memory.
Reminds me of death.
Somebody cared about it.
Let's get out of here.
Maybe it IS someone.
What could it be?
Let's go, please?
Yeah, why not.
I'm just scared.
My friends are waiting.
Thank you.
YOU scared ME!
What are you doing?
I’m not listening to you!
My friends need my help.
I came here to do a job.
Was Clarissa there, too?
How many of them were there?
Does... it hurt?
Don’t hurt my friends!
Don’t lose yourselves!
Be braver than this!
Leave it behind.
Then take it with you.
That’ not all you have.
I have to do this!
You’re still in my friends!
It’ the only way.
Wait, why is this here?
I’m underwater?
What’ happening?
Famous men
have the whole earth
as their memorial.
Are you sure?
Okay.
No, it can’t be.
There’ still time left.
We’re still okay, so…
We’ll tune into the source.
We gotta go in and get her.
Any ideas?
We’ll tune into the source.
We gotta go in and get her.
Any ideas?
What branch?!
The radio, maybe?
There’ no time.
What branch?!
The radio, maybe?
There’ no time.
I have no idea.
Just try a bunch of stuff?
I have no idea.
Just try a bunch of stuff?
I have no idea.
Just try a bunch of stuff?
I have no idea.
Just try a bunch of stuff?
Nope.
Those I have a lot of.
I THINK!
YEAH!
SHOULD I STOP?!
What the Hell...
Jonas...
Hello.
Hi?
Hello?
What?
I don't know...
Who are you?
Uh, sure.
I don't know what you mean.
Maybe...?
Huh?
Me again?
What struggle?
Other me?
These machines…?
What won’t help?
I don’t know!
This has always worked before...
Yeah, thanks.
Wait, don’t!
Huh?
What's it doing?
Oh my God.
There’ an explanation…
WE’RE TRAPPED!
No there doesn't.
Sure.
Easier said than done.
Sure thing!
I hate this.
Hello out there!
Ren! Can you guys hear me?
Testing, testing…
What?
“Sleepy time gal?”
Hopefully!
Hang on, Clarissa.
Henry, if you’re there, help me!
Calvin, c’mon, stop this!
Francis, don’t be a part of this!
Henry, if you’re there, help me!
Henry, if you’re there, help me!
Calvin, c’mon, stop this!
Francis, don’t be a part of this!
Calvin, c’mon, stop this!
Francis, don’t be a part of this!
Calvin, c’mon, stop this!
Francis, don’t be a part of this!
Henry, if you’re there, help me!
I’m not going anywhere.
Just stop tuning.
I’ll be back.
Jonas, seriously!
Are you okay?
I'm gonna kill you!
Shut up!
I don’t care what happens to me.
Leave peacefully and I’ll stop.
I don't know how it would.
Hello?
Ghosts?
Jonas? Anybody?
Guess not.
Whoops.
In a minute…
They didn’t know it was you!
How can I fix it?!
Why?
How can I fix it?!
They didn’t know it was you!
How can I fix it?!
Why?
How can I fix it?!
It was fate, Francis!
Maybe it was fate.
I don’t believe in fate.
Maggie remembered!
A minute till what?!
What would your families think!
They built a monument!
A minute till what?!
What would your families think!
Maggie remembered!
A minute till what?!
What would your families think!
They built a monument!
A minute till what?!
What would your families think!
Calvin, they didn’t forget!
She cared about you.
I don’t know.
Maggie lost Anna, too!
I hate the town!
The town is for you!
Maggie lost Anna, too!
I hate the town!
The town is for you!
They’re trying their best!
I hate the town!
The town is for you!
They’re trying their best!
I hate the town!
The town is for you!
You know it’ true, Henry!
She thought about you a lot.
She felt guilty.
So I’m free to go?
No way!
See the first half?
You’re damn right I have!
Or you can just leave?
Where am I?
It’ worth it.
You’re just trying to scare me!
Uh, really?
It’ worth a try!
I’m screwed either way.
If she’ll survive, it’ enough.
But which could not
be attacked or destroyed
except under limited circumstances
SHUT UP!
I KNOW!
IS IT?
Then just leave!
Then why use my friends!
What are you talking about?
You have to go!
I'm not sorry for you.
Yes!
No, but you have to!
I can imagine it!
I changed my mind!
My friends wouldn’t take the deal!
I, uh, can’t leave, actually.
I changed my mind!
My friends wouldn’t have taken the deal.
I, uh, can’t leave, actually.
I’m here, aren’t I?!
I wanted to do what’ best!
They’re lying!
We don’t know what it is!
It’ scary!
I got confused!
Shut up!
I don’t care what happens to me.
Leave peacefully and I’ll stop.
JONAS!
WHAT'S HAPPENING!
AHHHHH!
I did it for Jonas.
I did it for my friends.
I've had enough life, honestly...
I just slipped, sorry.
Something was weird…
Stop this now!
Look at what’ happening!
They did care!
Maggie cared!
That’ no reason to do this!
Huh?
I’m leaving.
Okay, sorry.
Just a second.
Hello?
Getting louder...
Funny.
That makes no sense.
Now's not the time.
What good will that do?
Yeah, I know.
I don't care.
I won't.
Yes, let's.
I know that.
Stop talking.
Yes...
Where?
Let's go with that.
Uhhh, possibly?
Doesn't look like it...
Let's go with that.
Uhhh, possibly?
Doesn't look like it...
Cool!
No way.
You think so?
Maybe later...
Good idea!
Maybe later...
Good idea!
Maybe later...
Good idea!
I wanna look around first.
FINE.
Huh, that’ weird.
I don’t know what it is.
Shouldn’t there be something else here...
Jonas?
Anybody? At all?
Where am I?

Say anything about what?
SECRETS! TELL ME!
I don’t care, whatever it is.
Congrats!
Really, Nona? Him?
How can you even think about that!
Sounds great.
Uh, cool.
Well, I’m taking credit.
We got ghosts to destroy.
Good for you.
Leave us alone!
Are you keeping us here?
Did we bring you back?
We’re sick?
What did WE do?
I’m sorry for opening the thing!
We’re gonna end up like you?
How do we get better?
That’ not fair!
Help us and we’ll help you.
Why should we trust you?
Sorry, my mistake.
I got scared…
This happened to you, too, Ren.
Nona? Are you okay?
What’ she saying?
This happened to you, too, Ren.
Nona? Are you okay?
What’ she saying?
Not again!
They’re trying to talk through her?
Nona, fight it.
Not again!
They’re trying to talk through her?
Nona, fight it.
We don’t know.
Something about their submarine?
Something about Maggie Adler?
I’ll try.
What do you expect me to do!
Let’ get Clarissa, instead.
Oh, my mistake.
Let’ look around, anyway.
Oh, my mistake.
I just saw Michael!
Did you notice I was gone!
What was I doing?
I just saw Michael!
Did you notice I was gone!
What was I doing?
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was?
No I wasn’t, I’ve been gone!
I was?
No I wasn’t, I’ve been gone!
This was real!
Have I?
I don’t remember being here.
This was real!
Have I?
I don’t remember being here.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
It was good to see him.
It was just weird.
It sucks that he’ not here.
It was good to see him.
It was just weird.
It sucks that he’ not here.
Still waiting for the sorry…
You should apologize to Ren!
You completely lost it!
Good job!
And for wasting time!
And for losing your temper!
Our home or your home?
Yeah, me too.
Oh, not having fun?
Our home or your home?
Yeah, me too.
Oh, not having fun?
Tell my mom what happened.
Take a bath.
Go to sleep.
Still waiting for the sorry…
You should apologize to Ren!
You completely lost it!
Why'd you do it?
So you're a creep.
This is the truth?
Why'd you do it?
So you're a creep.
This is the truth?
That's no excuse!
I think I understand.
What happened to him.
Are you alright?
You can say that again.
Sometimes they do.
You are a good guy.
I know.
I hope that's enough...
Say, \“I'm a good guy.\“
You are!
Just don't attack me...
How have you been?
Clarissa’ gone, though.
Weird stuff happened…
How have you been?
Clarissa’ gone, though.
Weird stuff happened…
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
How have you been?
Clarissa’ gone, though.
Weird stuff happened…
You bet on our demise?!
You two are awfully chummy.
We can open the gate.
I don’t know what to do!
I’m just thinking.
Sorry.
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
No, even after tonight.
Well, maybe…
That stuff is all hogwash.
What’ rubbed off on you?
It’ nice to have that, now.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
I’m surprised.
[...]
Like what?
I’m surprised.
[...]
Like what?
I get that.
That breeds laziness.
Hey, slow down!
I’m not a beast woman!
I’m sorry, okay!
I know, I know.
We can just leave!
I did it for you!
If I HAVE to.
Okay.
Hey, slow down!
I’m not a beast woman!
I’m sorry, okay!
Let’ get Ren, instead.
Oh, whoops.
It’ been fun.
Nice knowing you.
We’re not dead yet.
Ugh, why!
Really?
Yeah, let’.
Are you kidding me with this?!
Uh, sure.
Are you kidding me!
I’m… sorry.
I tried.
There’ no time.
Really?
Yeah, let’.
Are you kidding me with this?!
Uh, sure.
Are you kidding me!
I’m… sorry.
I tried.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Not really…
What are you talking about?
The door open?
You guys okay?
Who cares about that!
We have more pressing issues right now.
I’ll do that next year.
Huh?
Who’ Ashley?
What concert?
BRILLIANT DEDUCTION.
Uh, yeah.
Same thing as us.
They got scared off.
They're being stupid.
My crappy town.
My hometown.
The water.
Well, it is.
Nice of you to say.
Check if anyone’ there.
Just for whatever.
Don’t apologize!
You should be sorry!
But you miss the class!
Good tip.
What do you do instead?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Why not tell anyone?
Crappy start to it, huh?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Why not tell anyone?
Crappy start to it, huh?
Say what you wanna say.
Don’t worry about it.
CLARISSA did that?
That’ sweet.
We’ll find her.
Prepare for the worst…
Don’t worry.
It’ been great, actually.
He just had a bad moment…
It’ been strained sometimes…
It’ been great, actually.
He just had a bad moment…
It’ been strained sometimes…
Having someone to talk to.
It’ nice having help.
I don’t know, it just has.
Yeah, lucky she didn’t come.
She could’ve helped!
Why didn’t you let her?
Yeah, lucky she didn’t come.
She could’ve helped!
Why didn’t you let her?
She notice anything weird?
At least she survived!
She notice anything weird?
At least she survived!
Do you think she knew?
She’ just screwing with you.
Like graduating, kind of?
Do you think she knew?
She’ just screwing with you.
Like graduating, kind of?
Oddly coincidental.
What’d she do here?
I don’t feel like that.
Oddly coincidental.
What’d she do here?
I don’t feel like that.
Preserve?
I don’t know!
Nevermind…
Huh?
I don’t know!
Nevermind…
I saw Ren drowning.
Ren, are you okay?
Just on our way to the woods.
I saw Ren drowning.
Ren, are you okay?
Just on our way to the woods.
Oh yeah, my mistake.
Are you guys alright?
Just on our way to the woods.
Oh yeah, my mistake.
Are you guys alright?
Just on our way to the woods.
Just be careful.
I didn't mean to upset you...
Uh, maybe it wasn't real.
Just be careful.
No! They’re in danger!
Just be careful.
I didn't mean to upset you...
Uh, maybe it wasn't real.
Jonas, it was real!
Okay, I guess they're fine.
Jonas, it was real!
Okay, I guess they're fine.
It will be the last time.
No promises!
It wasn’t my fault, really!
Sorry.
How’ she taking it?
Give her another shot.
What does that mean?
Wow, big step!
Maybe think about it?
At least her eyes aren’t weird.
Nona? Are you okay?
What’ she saying?
This isn’t my fault!
My mistake!
THAT’S what you notice?
They’re trying to talk through her?
Nona, fight it!
THAT’S what you notice?
They’re trying to talk through her?
Nona, fight it!
We don’t know.
Something about their submarine?
Something about Maggie Adler?
I’ll try?
What do you expect me to do!
I have the headache.
Well, we’re all screwed.
What do we do?
We’re doomed.
It’ been ghosts.
You don’t wanna know.
We’re doomed.
It’ been ghosts.
You don’t wanna know.
We did something in the cave.
Jonas did it!
Who knows!
We did something in the cave.
Jonas did it!
Who knows!
We did something in the cave.
Jonas did it!
Who knows!
You don’t know, do you.
SPIT IT OUT.
Yeah, but it’ LOCKED.
[...]
Won’t we still be cursed?
Yeah, but it’ LOCKED.
[...]
Won’t we still be cursed?
“Should?”
[...]
It looks like a code lock…
“Should?”
[...]
It looks like a code lock…
We ALL go.
Ren, stay with Nona.
Fine, Ren comes with us.
Yes. Really.
If you don’t want to…
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
You’re right, come with us.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
Yes. Stay here.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
Yes. Stay here.
Yes. Really.
If you don’t want to…
[SILENCE]
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
You’re right, stay here.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
Whatever, just come.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
You’re right, stay here.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
Whatever, just come then.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
Whatever, just come then.
THIS ISN’T ABOUT DATING.
Oh my God, shut up.
Whatever, just come then.
Nona?
Can you just leave, ghost?
What are you trying to say?
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
You didn’t tell me that!
Of course you did.
Why do you think?
You hate school!
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
How are you doing?
What do you think is going on?
Just checking.
No reason.
Stuff is crazy, that's why?
Pretty literal, there.
And what does it all MEAN?
Fine.
GREAT.
Could be better.
I just saw Michael!
Did you notice I was gone!
What was I doing?
I just saw Michael!
Did you notice I was gone!
What was I doing?
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was?
No I wasn’t, I’ve been gone!
I was?
No I wasn’t, I’ve been gone!
This was real!
Have I?
I don’t remember being here.
This was real!
Have I?
I don’t remember being here.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
It was good to see him.
It was just weird.
It sucks that he’ not here.
It was good to see him.
It was just weird.
It sucks that he’ not here.
I saw Michael again.
Oh God.
Let’ go.
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
Yeah, adorable.
Let’ regroup up there.
Where’ Clarissa...
Where is she?
This happened to you, too.
Any ghosts or, uh, triangles?
Where is she?
This happened to you, too.
Any ghosts or, uh, triangles?
How did it happen?
We’ll fix her, don’t worry.
This doesn’t sound good…
She’ll be okay.
She’ possessed.
She’ screwed.
Nothing, it waved.
Nevermind, this is a terrible joke.
I saw Nona drowning!
Nona might be in trouble!
What happened?
I saw her drowning.
It doesn’t matter.
It’ just a feeling I have.
I did?
Uh oh.
Ren needs help.
That’ what you saw?
I guess…
We should go back.
What about Nona?
Yeah, let’ do this.
Let’ go meet up.
The important ones are safe...
Where’ Clarissa...
I’m joking.
I’m serious.
Where is she?
This happened to you, too.
Any ghosts or, uh, triangles?
Where is she?
This happened to you, too.
Any ghosts or, uh, triangles?
How did it happen?
We’ll fix her, don’t worry.
This doesn’t sound good…
She’ll be okay.
She’ possessed.
She’ screwed.
Sure you’re gonna be okay?
Holler if you see a boat.
Feeling any better?
I wanna find Clarissa.
I’m not leaving.
I wanna find the Adler notes.
It was the war, so…
We did get bombed.
You two made up?
Clarissa’ gone, though.
Weird stuff happened…
You two made up?
Clarissa’ gone, though.
Weird stuff happened…
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
She’ll be alright.
Should we look for her?
Let’ just check out the boat.
Less talk, more action!
Whoops.
Gonna be okay by yourself?
Holler if you see a boat.
How are you feeling?
What history project?
Ugh, you try too hard.
Why leave?
I’d miss you.
But everyone loves you!
Gimme a break!
You are great, though.
Don’t put pressure on yourself.
It was hard?
It was easy?
No idea.
How profound!
I coulda told you that!
Interesting…
Shut up!
Stop it.
Yeah, whatever.
Oh my God.
Let’ hurry.
I knew it!
You could’ve waited…
Aww, how sweet.
Oh my God.
Let’ hurry.
What about the Adler notes?
Whoa, did you feel that?
What just happened?
I just saw Michael!
Did you notice I was gone!
What was I doing?
I just saw Michael!
Did you notice I was gone!
What was I doing?
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was back in time!
Maybe it was an illusion…
I was?
No I wasn’t, I’ve been gone!
I was?
No I wasn’t, I’ve been gone!
This was real!
Have I?
I don’t remember being here.
This was real!
Have I?
I don’t remember being here.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
I was in the past…
Clarissa was there…
We were on the beach.
It was good to see him.
It was just weird.
It sucks that he’ not here.
It was good to see him.
It was just weird.
It sucks that he’ not here.
I saw Ren drowning!
Ren might be in trouble!
What just happened?
I saw him drowning.
It doesn’t matter.
It’ just a feeling I have.
I did?
Uh oh.
Ren needs help.
That’ what you saw?
I guess…
We should go back.
What about Ren?
Yeah, let’ do this.
Rich old coot.
I'm jealous.

Same thing as us.
They got scared off.
They're being stupid.
My crappy town.
My hometown.
The water.
Could be somebody.
Could be nothing.
Yeah, let's find out!
You big baby.
I guess you're right...
Okay, FINE.
Chicken.
Yeah, let's find out!
You big baby.
I guess you're right...
Gonna be okay here?
Holler if you get someone on the radio.
Feeling any better since last time?
She's my friend.
We can't leave anybody.
Maybe not Clarissa...
She's my friend.
We can't leave anybody.
Maybe not Clarissa...
What can you do?
It's LOCKED.
Be my guest.
That's not an expression.
I'm fine.
I think so...
What happened?
No.
As sure as I'm gonna be.
Do I look alright?
You okay?
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
Grow up.
Yeah, it's pretty great.
Maybe that’ why I remember it.
Her house is behind a giant gate.
Why not mention this before?
Eureka!
Hey, back off, Jonas.
Jonas kinda has a point…
What other plan is there?
We can’t fix the radio.
We don’t know where Clarissa is.
Set fire to the mug shop?
C’mon, it was nobody’ fault.
It was YOUR fault, actually.
It was our fault.
C’mon, it was nobody’ fault.
It was YOUR fault, actually.
It was our fault.
Because you wanted me to!
And I admit it!
Jonas is not a weirdo!
Everyone calm down.
Ren, it’ okay.
Jonas is not a weirdo!
Everyone calm down.
Ren, it’ okay.
Don’t suck me into this!
Guys! Stop it!
I don’t even know what you’re arguing.
Don’t suck me into this!
Guys! Stop it!
I don’t even know what you’re arguing.
Don’t suck me into this!
Guys! Stop it!
I don’t even know what you’re arguing.
Don’t suck me into this!
Guys! Stop it!
I don’t even know what you’re arguing.
Don’t suck me into this!
Guys! Stop it!
I don’t even know what you’re arguing.
Hey, back off, Jonas.
Jonas kinda has a point…
Let’ just cut to the end here...
Anyone there?
We need help!
SOS. Mayday.
No.
Someone was there...
Who is it?
Funny.
Anyone there?
We need help!
SOS. Mayday.
No.
Someone was there...
It's not a prank!
I'm freaked out too!
I wouldn't do that to you.
No hard feelings?
I still need you.
Go easy on Ren.
But I wanna!
How do you know it works?
Why is the fence necessary?
We ARE badasses.
We’re not that badass.
Nada.
Nope.
No.
Hi, Nona.
You did more than I could.
What won’t work?
It’ been ghosts.
You don’t wanna know.
We tuned into something in the cave.
It’ been ghosts.
You don’t wanna know.
We tuned into something in the cave.
It’ been ghosts.
You don’t wanna know.
We tuned into something in the cave.
How’ Nona?
How are you?
Any good news?
It’ okay.
How hard have you tried?
We’ll come up with something.
Me neither.
I can hear my friends...
It’ cool!
Can we talk about what happened?
Where's everyone else?
It probably won't!
Hello?
Comm Tower speaking.
HELLLPPP!
Ren?
Yeah, it's me.
How are you calling us?
It's been a rough night....
How'd you get there?
Just calm down.
Are you okay?
Hold on, Ren. [SWITCH OVER]
I'll ignore it.
Hold on Ren. [SWITCH OVER]
They can wait.
Hold on Ren. [SWITCH OVER]
Clarissa can wait.
Yeah, let's do it.
Ren sounded bad, though.
But I ALSO promised Ren!
Maybe... [SWITCH OVER]
Stupid Ren.
Clarissa? [SWITCH OVER]
Stupid Ren.
We're coming to get you.
Where's Nona?
Just come here.
We're coming to get you.
Where's Clarissa and Nona?
Just come here.
We're coming to get you.
Where's Clarissa and Nona?
Just come here.
We're coming to get you.
Where's Nona?
Just come here.
Yeah, let's do it.
Ren sounded bad, though.
She can handle it herself.
Maybe...
But I hate Clarissa!
Being annoying.
Hating me.
Conformity!
Ren in the woods.
Clarissa in Milner.
Ren in the woods.
Clarissa in Milner.
Yeah.
Maybe he'll come here?
Annoying little weasel...
UGH.
FINE.
Where are you?
Ren's on the other line.
Goodbye, Clarissa! [SWITCH OVER]
Are you okay?
Goodbye, Clarissa. [SWITCH OVER]
We're on our way!
Meet us here instead.
Ren needs my help. [SWITCH OVER]
Maybe Ren's still on the line?
Lost the connection?
DON'T SAY THAT.
We can only hope.
Yeah.
Maybe he'll come here?
Annoying little weasel...
I’ve heard enough.
Let’ just get on with it.
Fights bore me.
She sounds normal...
She’ tired, like us.
She’ probably scared.
How'd you do that?
My hero.
Good job.
But this is exciting!
Not without my friends!
WAY ahead of you.
But this is exciting!
Not without my friends!
WAY ahead of you.
There’ other versions of us…?
Alternate realities?
A past / present thing?
No hard feelings?
We’re still friends.
Don’t eat any more brownies.
I will take offense.
Don’t you trust me?
Anyone there?
We need help!
SOS. Mayday.
No.
Someone was there...
No.
Someone was there...
It sounded like Clarissa… maybe?
Lil' help?
What are you doing?
Told you.
Thanks.
Yeah, right.
I think it's boring.
Horror island!
Forget it.
INTERMINABLE.
Forget it.
Why’d you do it?
Are you… okay?
This is the truth?
Safe to be around…
Are you alright?
I’m… not sure.
Thanks for telling me.
I’m keeping an eye on you…
Taking a break.
Seeing if you're okay.
Any luck with the radio?
Less talk, more action!
Whoops.
Yeah, of course.
Anything to get out of here.
Stop it!
Shut up, both of you!
Ren.
Jonas.
Nona.
The boat’ his idea.
You need to cool off.
He’ my friend, too.
He’ been like my side-kick.
You ate another brownie!
We’re still doing your plan.
Be quiet!
This is why!
We’ll be back later.
I don’t care.
Nona is happy, right?
Just checking.
Please say you’re joking.
When did you do that?
REN! YOU IDIOT!
You better hope it levels you.
I can’t believe you.
Whatever you need, fine.

Can we change the subject?
I do not!
Oh god, do I?
Wanna turn back?
It stretches for miles.
Not outdoorsy?
Haha. \“Sprawling.\“
We just started...
There is a park.
We just started.
Of course!
...Vaguely.
Not in the slightest.
Not at all.
We got a map, it's fine.
What's your point.
We'll be fine.
Yes, I'm the horse.
I do!
I mostly do.
Ren.
It's an expression?
Don't read into it.
I AM being straight.
I will, don't worry.
YOU be straight!
Of course!
...Vaguely.
Not in the slightest.
I AM being straight.
I will, don't worry.
YOU be straight!
Arrow.
Something straight.
Parks are all the same.
What was it called?
Your town sounds horrible.
This is out of the ordinary.
Uh… didn’t we skip something?
Wait. What.
Yeah, who cares.
Well I'M interested!
Relax!
I’ve been here before.
I’m in VERY good shape.
4 AM.
Why? Getting tired?
Doesn’t your phone say?
Bed.
Pizza, of course.
Weird, how?
You feeling okay?
I’m tired, too.
Buck up.
Just a little more adventure.
Yes, absolutely.
It’ all we have.
I only kind of understood…
Hitler was confident, too!
They should be concerned.
Don’t worry about it.
4 AM.
Why? Getting tired?
Doesn’t your phone say?
Yes, absolutely.
It’ all we have.
We keep time jumping...
Nona’ in trouble.
Oh, whoops.
Can’t we all do it together?
I’m worried about them.
Oh, whoops.
Can’t we all do it together?
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
Relax!
I've been here before.
I'm in VERY good shape.
Jonas!
Oh no, c’mon.
What?
Are you okay now?
It’ getting worse.
What does that feel like?
Are you okay now?
It’ getting worse.
What does that feel like?
Weird.
But do you see stuff?
Weird.
But do you see stuff?
What is it?!
It’ okay, say it.
Awwww.
I’m glad, too.
Of course you are.
Awwww.
I’m glad, too.
Of course you are.
And we’re gonna be fine.
Yeah, let’ finish this.
I like it late at night.
I can relate.
Why are you telling me this.
It’ too late.
We can get her back.
It’ for the best.
Ugh. Whoa.
Why is this wrong now?
Yeah, who cares.
Well I'M interested!

I flipped the ONLY one!
I don't know...
Don't blame me!
What are you talking about?
Who’ brother?
I barely did anything!
That was real?
What does that matter!
Ahhhhhhh!
It's just a chair...
Worth it.
Erm, sorry.
Ahhhhhhh!
It's just a chair...
You’ll never learn.
There’ no way out.
Stop trying.
Ugh, whoops...
Why!!!
That wasn’t fun...
It's a bridge ferry.
It's neat!
Doesn't look safe...
It's a bridge ferry.
It's neat!
Doesn't look safe...
It's an army thing.
Kinda cool, right?
I think we have to.
Maybe there's another way?
Ren needs us!
I think we have to.
Maybe there's another way?
Ren needs us!
Doesn't look like it.
We'll see.
Except for the giant pit...
They’re both alive!
How are they doing that?
Can they put a fork in it?
Talk box?
Uh huh.
Shut up.
You’re not Jonas.
Fix Ren!
Yeah, right.
Whatever.
I don’t care.
We’re getting out of here.
How do you know.
I’m done talking to you.
Get out of Jonas!
This isn’t over.
A proposition?
Our plan might work!
I’m not in charge!
No way, I’m saving everyone.
Sure, have Clarissa.
Why do you need my permission?
Don’t patronize me.
Just leave.
Fine, take her.
No deal.
Shut up.
You’re not Jonas.
Why keep doing this, then!
“Break script?”
Just stop already!
I can’t break the cycle!
No way, I’m saving everyone.
Sure, have Clarissa.
Why do you need my permission?
No...
Was it?
The door opening is worse...
What a night.
Not what I expected...
Sorry about this.
What do YOU mean?
You said it first!
What do YOU mean?
I'm agreeing with you...
It IS your fault!
It's my fault.
You're right.
Thank you.
Hey!
It IS your fault!
Yeppp.
How can you not know?
It’ okay, Nona.
Nevermind.
Ren might not be dead.
The Time Loop’ screwing with things.
I’m sorry.
I KNOW it’ Ren!
No, we have to focus.
It’ not stupid.
He’d be flattered.
We can still solve this.
He knew.
He hoped.
It doesn’t matter.
The lift needs power.
You're supervising, kinda.
I'll be okay.
The bridge looks dead.
You're supervising, kinda.
I'll be okay.
I can handle it!
That's sweet, but no.
Okay, thanks.
A GIRL doing it?
Watch, it's easy.
Fine, you do it.
True!
You'll be fine.
Glad you’re having fun…
I traded Clarissa for our lives.
I’d like to report a poltergeist.
Okay, Mr. No Fun.
Yeah, he’ right, actually.
Glad you’re having fun…
The ghosts wanted to make a deal…
I’d like to report a poltergeist.
It was worth it!
You would’ve done the same!
I was scared for you guys!
Tada.
THERE you big baby.
What about your Mom?
This one is.
Says you.
No need?
They forgot?
Monsters?
Don't say that.
MAYBE.
Yep.
I know.
I just wanna poke around.
We’re awesome!
Meet you there.
Yeah…
She’ll get over it.
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
YOU TELL ME.
What'd you hit?
I don't know...
They’re both alive!
How are they doing that?
Can they put a fork in it?
Talk box?
Uh huh.
Another loop…
Not this again.
You do it, then.
Oh yeah…
Why are you here?
What’ wrong with Ren?
We’re in a Time Loop.
Clarissa was “dead,” too.
How?!
Oh my God.
What, it’ the truth!
I’m sorry.
You were possessed.
Remember Ren and Nona?
I traded Clarissa for our safety.
You were possessed.
Remember Ren and Nona?
I traded Clarissa for our safety.
Yeah, maybe.
Most likely.
It seemed pretty real.
Nothing.
I don’t know.
I may have changed the past.
Nothing.
I don’t know.
I may have changed the past.
I went back in time!
Just forget about it.
I went back in time!
Just forget about it.
Easy.
Uh, sure.
Easy.
Uh, sure.
You were possessed.
Remember Ren and Nona?
The ghosts tried to make a deal…
You were possessed.
Remember Ren and Nona?
The ghosts tried to make a deal…
I don’t trust the plan.
It was a hard choice!
I just don’t like Clarissa.
I don’t trust the plan.
It was a hard choice!
I just don’t like Clarissa.
We can’t trust them!
What would you have done!
I did it for all of us!
You were Milner!
What’ wrong with Nona?
We’re in a Time Loop.
Clarissa was “dead,” too.
How?!
Oh my God.
What, it’ the truth!
I’m sorry.
I saw Ren drowning.
Ren, are you okay?
Uh, nevermind.
I saw Ren drowning.
Ren, are you okay?
Uh, nevermind.
Oh yeah, my mistake.
Are you guys alright?
Uh, nevermind.
Oh yeah, my mistake.
Are you guys alright?
Uh, nevermind.
It was REAL, Jonas.
Okay, I guess they’re fine.
Just be careful.
No! They’re in danger!
Don’t say that.
Nona made her own choices.
Uh, do you notice Jonas?
Nevermind.
Nona might not be dead.
The Time Loop’ screwing with things.
I’m sorry.
Okay, fine!
No, we have to focus.
It’ not a waste.
It’ not small to like someone.
We can still solve this.
You two would’ve been good.
Yes, she did.
I’m sure she liked you.
Might be.
It sounds weird, too...
Maybe we broke it.
Don't worry.
Uh, any ideas?

Ghosts, huh?
This is really insane.
Having fun, yet?
But?
Go on...?
Unless we die.
Suuurre.
Do they WANT anything?
I don't know.
Justice, usually.
That's what movies taught me.
This feels bigger than that.
YES.
Just hush.
NOW you're getting it.
YES.
Just hush.
NOW you're getting it.
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
You didn’t tell me that!
Of course you did.
Why do you think?
You hate school!
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
Take that ball.
I'm weaker than I thought...
Who's there?
What...?
This is stupid!
Nona, it's me!
Where is this going?
This is getting old.
Who are you!
Okay...
Don't get weird now.
Ha... ha?
Okay...
Don't get weird now.
Ha... ha?
A slight hill?
The, uh, wind?
EVERYTHING's weird.
4 AM.
Why? Getting tired?
Doesn’t your phone say?
Bed.
Pizza, of course.
Weird, how?
You feeling okay?
I’m tired, too.
Buck up.
Just a little more adventure.
Yes, absolutely.
It’ all we have.
I only kind of understood…
Hitler was confident, too!
They should be concerned.
Don’t worry about it.
But what did it do?
Is the time thing fixed?
Feel any different?
Don't wanna play?
Not nice.
Hey!
No crap.
What tipped you off.
Maybe...
What about the repeating stuff?
Okay, it's ghosts.
Uhhh....
Proto... something.
Unexplained phenomena.
\“Ghosts\“ are fine.
My heart's gonna explode.
This is nuts!
What about the repeating stuff?
Okay, it's ghosts.
Uhhh....
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
Huh.
Neat.
Alright...?
Jonas!
Oh no, c’mon.
What?
Are you okay now?
It’ getting worse.
What does that feel like?
Are you okay now?
It’ getting worse.
What does that feel like?
Weird.
But do you see stuff?
Weird.
But do you see stuff?
What is it?!
It’ okay, say it.
Awwww.
I’m glad, too.
Of course you are.
Awwww.
I’m glad, too.
Of course you are.
And we’re gonna be fine.
Yeah, let’ finish this.
I like it late at night.
I can relate.
Why are you telling me this.
It’ too late.
We can get her back.
It’ for the best.
Something's wrong...
Stop saying that!
We've DEFINITELY been here.
Something's wrong...
Stop saying that!
We've DEFINITELY been here.
You really don't remember?
We've already done this!
We're going in circles.
You really don't remember?
We've already done this!
We're going in circles.
Yes, you have!
You really don't remember?
We've already been here!
Yes, you have!
You really don't remember?
We've already been here!
Yeah, cause we've done this!
You really can't tell?
We keep repeating time.
Whatever we did in the cave…
We’re stuck in this area…
We keep repeating time.
Whatever we did in the cave…
We’re stuck in this area…
Things are sideways.
Jonas?!
Oh no.
Again?
Nona’ in trouble.
Oh, whoops.
Can’t we all do it together?
I’m worried about them.
Oh, whoops.
Can’t we all do it together?
Michael's dead...
What are you?
What do you mean?
Wait, what's happening?
How am I...?
Yeah, it's cool!
With who...
Beats me.
Forget it.
Okay, I will!
Who knows.
Army stuff?
Ghost... reasons...
You already said that.
Something just happened...
Uhh... yeah?
You already said that.
Something just happened...
Uhh... yeah?
Why was it bad?
It's better than this!
FASCINATING.
Why was it bad?
It's better than this!
FASCINATING.
Look around, this sucks.
What's to like?
Try harder.
I know, I know.
Maybe.
Yeah, I agree.
No way.
Maybe.
Yeah, I agree.
No way.
Whose life is that?
What?
I never did that!
Well it is wrecked.
Maybe you're right.
You're insane!
Well it is wrecked.
Maybe you're right.
You're insane!
At some point we will!
Yeah, it’ fine.
I had the exact same ball.
Smells bad...
Oh, shut up.
Hardy har har.
Help us, we’re on the island!
Anybody out there?
Call emergency services!
Ugh, again?!
But I kicked the ball!
There MUST be a way out.
Do you remember more now?
There better be...
I saw another version of me...
\“Michael should dump Clarissa.\“
Doesn’t matter.
\“Michael should stay with Clarissa.\“
Doesn’t matter.
\“Don’t tell Michael what to do.\“
Doesn’t matter.
I think it's her.
I'm not sure.
Who knows.
Army stuff?
Ghost... reasons...
Yeah, kinda.
You're crazy.
Tuning gets us in trouble!
Maybe...
You were expecting it to?
Yay.
Don't worry so much.
I don't need your help.
You can say that again...
Yes, with my brother.
Yeah, sure.
Who cares now.
Yes, with my brother.
Yeah, sure.
Who cares now.
Sometimes.
Why talk about this?
We were best friends.
We were family.
I guess, sorta.
We were best friends.
We were family.
I guess, sorta.
I'm over it.
After tonight? Never again.
It's pretty nice.
I'm over it.
After tonight? Never again.
It's pretty nice.
What's wrong?
It's US, Nona.
Calm down...
What's wrong?
It's US, Nona.
Calm down...
What are you talking about?
We haven't seen you.
Uh oh, you're insane.
What are you talking about?
We haven't seen you.
Uh oh, you're insane.
She's at Ft. Milner.
Nope!
We're looking for Ren.
She's at Ft. Milner.
Nope!
We're looking for Ren.
Let her go, Jonas.
Nona, wait a second.
Clarissa's at Ft. Milner!
Yeah, go there.
You should come with us.
Clarissa's at Ft. Milner!
Yeah, go there.
You should come with us.
She jumped out a window.
Nope!
We're looking for Ren.
She jumped out a window.
Nope!
We're looking for Ren.
Clarissa jumped out a window!
Yeah, go there.
You should come with us.
Clarissa jumped out a window!
Yeah, go there.
You should come with us.
For you!
For all of us!
She was possessed.
We don't think she's dead...
She's lost her mind!
Maybe you'll have better luck.
Don't go after her.
Yes, it's me.
Who else would I be?
No, I'm a zombie.
She wanted to know!
She's made it this far!
Do you LIKE her?
She wanted to know!
It was the truth!
Do you LIKE her?
Eat me.
Oh give me a break.
You wanna marry her.
YOU DO, I KNEW IT.
Nope, haven't seen her.
We're looking for Ren.
Nope, haven't seen her.
We're looking for Ren.
Yeah, go there.
You should come with us.
Yeah, go there.
You should come with us.
We’re still stuck so who cares.
Yeah, it’ bizarre.
It’ because of this time thing.
I didn't think she'd leave!
She's nuts!
I wanted to help her!
That's her fault.
I'm sorry, okay?
She'll be alright.

Didn't we fix it?
Oh no.
REN!
I don't wanna say possession...
It's drugs.
RENNNN!
It's possession.
I don't know how to finish.
I don't think it's that.
He's sick or something.
It's those drugs he took.
Ren, we're here!
Are you alright?
You're a giant idiot!
What's the matter?
Is he in shock?
Snap out of your drug haze!
What's the matter?
Is he in shock?
Snap out of your drug haze!
We went to Clarissa first.
Sorry about that.
Hey, we came, alright!
C’mon, let’ go.
You’re lucky we made it.
Good to see you’re okay.
We went to Clarissa first.
Sorry about that.
Hey, we came, alright!
C’mon, let’ go.
You’re lucky we made it.
Good to see you’re okay.
Nona wanted to know!
Ren should come with us!
Oh shut up!
Not me!
Coward.
Okay, fine.
Can anyone work a radio?!
We should get to her.
Ugh. IDIOT.
Can anyone work a radio?!
We should get to her.
Ugh. IDIOT.
TRYING isn't good enough.
Fine, I take it back.
Why didn't you come to US!
I think it's locked...
Or it wasn't.
Whoops.
Serves her right.
Yeah, leave us the bad one...
Keep it in your pants.
Are you okay to go?
Good luck!
Don't do anything stupid!
I believe in you!
Milner, ho.
Were you IN Ren?
Jonas!?
What are you?
Uh, good.
Can you help us?
Can we help you?
Maggie Adler?
We don't know what you want!
Were you IN Ren?
Jonas!?
As always?
Who’ Anna?
No one understands what?
What are we “plotting?”
Don't do that!
Are you alright?
You're alive!
We screwed up...
The island's haunted.
We're just in trouble.
We screwed up...
The island's haunted.
We're just in trouble.
It was the cave.
It was the radio.
It was a mistake!
It was the cave.
It was the radio.
It was a mistake!
It was the cave.
It was the radio.
It was a mistake!
We saw this triangle...
We tried to tune the radio...
We saw this triangle...
We tried to tune the radio...
Okay it was me.
The Rapture?
No more room in Hell?
Okay it was me.
The Rapture?
No more room in Hell?
Ren, we're here!
Are you alright?
You're a giant idiot!
What's the matter?
Is he in shock?
Snap out of your drug haze!
What's the matter?
Is he in shock?
Snap out of your drug haze!
We went to Clarissa first.
Sorry about that.
Hey, we came, alright!
C’mon, let’ go.
You’re lucky we made it.
Good to see you’re okay.
What's happening?
Ren, can you hear me?
This is a little different...
Any ideas?
I'm not leaving him.
This is a little different...
Any ideas?
I'm not leaving him.
It used to.
There's nothing else to say.
Yeah, it's weird.
Trains can be dangerous.
Ughghgh.
MINERS!
Just whatever.
Damnit.
Jonas, we're stuck again.
Where's Ren?
Maybe something's wrong...
You're just slow.
I'm worried about TIME ITSELF.
He WAS just here.
The time loop screwed us.
Graduation speech?
Doesn’t have to…
Uh, sure.
Time traveling ghosts?
Leaving adolescence?
Uh, a lot’ going on…
Something wrong?
Sure, of course.
It’ fun being with you.
That’ great!
What are you thinking?
Don’t want to go?
Say it!
I’m listening, c’mon.
I hate people, too!
Say it!
I’m listening, c’mon.
I hate people, too!
And do what instead?
I don’t know…
Why?
I care what people think!
Thanks.
Why do I feel insulted...?
Go to school here.
Leave and see what happens.
That’ up to you.
What’d you wish for?
Don’t tell me or it won’t come true.
Definitely.
If you want.
What are you gonna do?
What’ this for?
I already have a Dad.
Um, okay.
I know I’m amazing.
I love you, too.
Uh, thanks.
Helping, hopefully?
It's all I can think of!
Miners.
It'd bore you.
Don't worry about it.
Miners.
It'd bore you.
Don't worry about it.
You just like WAR history.
Well, okay.
Of course!
Yes...
Uh... it depends...
I think you're smart!
Uh, you're average...
What does it matter!
I think you're smart!
Uh, you're average...
What does it matter!
I didn't say that!
Yep.
Disdain?
Superiority?
STRESS, perhaps?
Disdaaaain.
\“Disdain.\“
Dis-Dain.
To impress you, of course!
I wanted to see what would happen.
Are you still on that?
You wanted to.
Didn't want to hurt your feelings.
I'm not gonna put myself in danger!
We can come back.
I'm not leaving.
Okay!
I'm just looking around.
Okay!
I'm just looking around.
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.

No, it’ decommissioned.
What are you talking about?
They’d have more security.
What secret project?
No way!
Could be, I guess.
Whatever.
It’ not that.
It’ real.
I hope so.
Not buying it.
It’ real.
I hope so.
Not buying it.
What secret project?
No way!
Could be, I guess.
Me neither.
Why not?
Guns are great.
Ever fired a gun?
What’ this from?
Why would they play this?
GETTING?
Clarissa’ still here.
This is kinda cool, right?
What’ this from?
Who’ playing this?
I think she's in there.
I think I hate her.
Let’ keep looking.
She has a radio!
I’m an idiot, alright!
I think she's in there.
I think she's in there.
I’m an idiot, alright!
I have a hunch.
I’m tired of looking.
Maybe you’re right.
Gross.
Like, TOO, locked.
There HAS to be a way.
That’ not the spirit.
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
You didn’t tell me that!
Of course you did.
Why do you think?
You hate school!
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
4 AM.
Why? Getting tired?
Doesn’t your phone say?
Bed.
Pizza, of course.
Weird, how?
You feeling okay?
I’m tired, too.
Buck up.
Just a little more adventure.
Yes, absolutely.
It’ all we have.
I only kind of understood…
Hitler was confident, too!
They should be concerned.
Don’t worry about it.
It’ happening again…
Am I blacking out?
Uhghghg.
C’mon!
RAGE.
We should still help Ren
We should find her first.
She is so annoying.
She sounded weird.
She sounded scared.
She is so annoying.
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
What’ this from?
Why would they play this?
GETTING?
Clarissa’ still here.
What’ this from?
Who’ playing this?
You know now.
Don’t get angry.
Yeah, like I SAID.
Great.
Watch it.
We know where she is now.
Yes. Let’.
This is so nuts.
This is so cool.
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
No, even after tonight.
Well, maybe…
That stuff is all hogwash.
What’ rubbed off on you?
It’ nice to have that, now.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
I’m surprised.
[...]
Like what?
I’m surprised.
[...]
Like what?
I get that.
That breeds laziness.
Clarissa!
That won’t help.
What about the secret project?
Oh, NOW forget it?
Clarissa!
That won’t help.
That sign's old.
Nobody cares.
Kids do this all the time.
Not personally...
I’ve HEARD nobody cares.
Uh… wait, what?
We’re we just over there?
Ren’ in trouble.
Oh, whoops.
Can’t we all do it together?
I’m worried about them.
Oh, whoops.
Can’t we all do it together?
I think they want you to play.
Why does this matter?
Why are they doing this?
I think it wants you to answer…
Is this Clarissa?
This is a joke, right?
Just answer!
Just say anything!
You don’t have to do this.
Sure.
Wait. Seriously?
Yes, even those.
I guess...
I wanna look around more.
Jonas!
Oh no, c’mon.
What?
Are you okay now?
It’ getting worse.
What does that feel like?
Are you okay now?
It’ getting worse.
What does that feel like?
Weird.
But do you see stuff?
Weird.
But do you see stuff?
What is it?!
It’ okay, say it.
Awwww.
I’m glad, too.
Of course you are.
Awwww.
I’m glad, too.
Of course you are.
And we’re gonna be fine.
Yeah, let’ finish this.

Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
Why?
Not at all.
Yeah, sure.
No, even after tonight.
Well, maybe…
That stuff is all hogwash.
What’ rubbed off on you?
It’ nice to have that, now.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
A vague “being,” maybe.
NOPE.
I’m surprised.
[...]
Like what?
I’m surprised.
[...]
Like what?
I get that.
That breeds laziness.
JONAS!
Lemme in!
Are you okay in there?
Another loop…
Not this again.
Ugh.
Can’t go back now...
I hope so, too...
Are you and your dad okay?
I hope so, too...
What do you have against my mom?
No, this is serious.
Fine, dropping it.
I get it.
How long has it been?
You gotta move on.
I AM over Michael.
It’ hard, I know.
No!
What sort of thing?
You’d have to ask him.
No!
What sort of thing?
You’d have to ask him.
It’ kinda hard not to.
Alright then.
It was his business.
Not for long!
Annoyingly, yes.
It was his business.
Not for long!
Annoyingly, yes.
She’ popular and “hot.”
She’ kind of wild.
Don’t know, don’t care.
She’ popular and “hot.”
She’ kind of wild.
Don’t know, don’t care.
What type do you “go for?”
Are YOU into her?
It really wasn’t a big deal.
Carmen Sandiego?
Guys are animals, that’ why.
Sorry, sorry!
You can tell me…
Alright, I believe you.
Ugh.
Can’t go back now...
Knew that would happen…
Glad you’re having fun…
Let’ just do this.
I’d like to report a poltergeist.
Okay, Mr. No Fun.
Yeah, he’ right, actually.
How can you not know?
It’ okay, Nona.
Uh, do you notice Jonas?
Nevermind.
Nona might not be dead.
The Time Loop’ screwing with things.
I’m sorry.
I KNOW it’ Ren!
No, we have to focus.
It’ not stupid.
He’d be flattered.
We can still solve this.
He knew.
He hoped.
It doesn’t matter.
Hold on, I'll check.
The door isn't unlocked?
Just ram it!
That doesn’t exist!
Why’d you run in there?!
Just come out!
Oh, come on!
Jonas!
Wait, what station!
You were possessed.
Remember Ren and Nona?
So that was horrible.
You were possessed.
Remember Ren and Nona?
So that was horrible.
Yeah, maybe.
Most likely.
It seemed pretty real.
Nothing.
I don’t know.
I may have changed the past.
Nothing.
I don’t know.
I may have changed the past.
I went back in time!
Just forget about it.
I went back in time!
Just forget about it.
Easy.
Uh, sure.
Easy.
Uh, sure.
Let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Don’t let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Do what you feel is best.
His Mom’ dead!
What is this?
How is this possible?
Um, hello?
Jonas...?
My reflection talked to me, earlier...
What happened?
Don’t bug out on me.
It seems alright now…
Don’t do anything dumb now.
Okay.
YEAH, SURE.
You know it isn’t.
I wonder why…
Fools.
Yeah, whatever.
Are YOU okay?
NO. I’M NOT.
We’re awesome!
Meet you there.
They’re both alive!
How are they doing that?
Can they put a fork in it?
Talk box?
Uh huh.
You were supposed to be Woods.
What’ wrong with Ren?
We’re in a Time Loop.
Clarissa was “dead,” too.
How?!
Oh my God.
What, it’ the truth!
I’m sorry.
Jonas!
Wait for me!
Clarissa, wait!
Don’t leave me here, Jonas!
Wheelbarrow.
Maybe it’ better if you stay in there.
Hold on, I’ll check.
The door opened a minute ago!
Just ram it.
You were being sarcastic.
Yeah, now that you need my help.
Don’t get snippy.
Okay, I’ll look.
Don’t get snippy.
Okay, I’ll look.
We saw that already!
The door opened a minute ago!
Just ram it.
We saw that already!
The door opened a minute ago!
Just ram it.
Hold on, I’ll check.
The door opened a minute ago!
Just ram it.
Hold on, I’ll check.
The door opened a minute ago!
Just ram it.
I can hear you!
The door opened a minute ago!
It was locked, remember?
Yeah, probably.
I saw Nona drowning.
Nona, are you okay?
Uh, nevermind.
I saw Nona drowning.
Nona, are you okay?
Uh, nevermind.
Oh yeah, my mistake.
Are you guys alright?
Uh, nevermind.
Oh yeah, my mistake.
Are you guys alright?
Uh, nevermind.
It was REAL, Jonas.
Okay, I guess they’re fine.
Just be careful.
No! They’re in danger!
I don’t think that was her.
Maybe?
What’ she thinking?
What?
Uhhhh..
I don’t know.
We won’t find that here.
Or the code.
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
What?
Horse ranch show?
Are you still high?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Can’t recall.
Uh…. sure, what about it?
Why’d this pop into your head?
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
Michael had just died.
I just hate tests.
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
I guess!
Friends are more important.
Seems stupid in hindsight…
You didn’t tell me that!
Of course you did.
Why do you think?
You hate school!
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
I don’t regret it, really.
Words to live by!
I’m not that smart.
Shut up.
You’re not Jonas.
Fix Ren!
Yeah, right.
Whatever.
I don’t care.
We’re getting out of here.
How do you know.
I’m done talking to you.
Get out of Jonas!
This isn’t over.
Yeppp.
A dead end.
Where is Clarissa?
I’m back!
I… never left!
Sorry!
What are you talking about?
Who’ brother?
I barely did anything!
That was real?
What does that matter!
It’ a one way lock?
Uhhh, a bunch of strange stuff.
Are you okay?
What luck.
Good job.
One-way sound proofing?
Radio locks?
Yeah, it’ strange.
It’ for show.
Let’ just find Clarissa.

She's alive!
She's alive?
She's... uhh...?
Ghosts?
Time loop?
Hallucination?
YES, OF COURSE
We'll see...
You think she's a zombie?
Well she's not dead!
Fort Milner.
US Army Radio Communications School.
School for Armed Services.
Yeah, you're being mean!
Uh, no?
Don't hurt Jonas!
Yeah, sure!
No, not at all!
Why do you care?!
Portals?
Ways to communicate?
Tears in... something?
And what if it opens?
Gates. Good enough.
We don't know anything.
That was last time.
It could help us?
Maybe they do different things.
In a building?
No!
Why!
Clarissa!
He's my best friend!
We came here too!
This is the thanks I get!
Huh?
She's cracking up?
A joke...?
CLARISSA!
I hope she's okay!
I tried to get it right!
You are a good guy.
I know.
I hope that's enough.
Say, \“I'm a good guy.\“
YOU ARE.
Just don't attack me.
Not now!
Jonas, we're in a time thing!
You already said that.
Something just happened...
Uh oh.
Fart.
Ugh, fingers crossed.
Kids?
THE EVIL.
No idea...
Something just fell
THE EVIL.
I don't know!
LITERALLY.
Metaphorically.
Yeesh.
Why'd she tell you?
It wasn't your fault.
I'm so sorry.
But why?
Jesus.
I don't understand.
You lost control, it happens.
What happened to Tim?
Cookies.
Codes.
Ciphers.
No one would want this!
I'm sorry for you!
You're enjoying it!
Ummm, no?
Why would I?
Is this like, a trick?
Screw you!
Whatever.
Ugh, I’m gonna be sick.
This isn’t fair!
Apparently…
They seem useful, maybe?
They’re cool, right?
It was just a mistake…
She doomed all those men.
She tried her best.
Too little, too late.
Poor Maggie, really.
They shouldn’t have poked around.
Ehhh, maybe.
No, user error.
Clarissa, come back!
What is she thinking?
She might be in trouble...
Ren could barely move.
Nah, she's just bugging out.
It's obvious, yeah.
Clarissa, come back!
What is she thinking?
She might be in trouble...
Safe to be around...
Are you alright?
I’m… not sure.
What is this?
From... the past?
The Navy...?
What's it doing?
Can you believe this?!
The Navy...?
This isn't Hangman!
Why are we being tested?
Oh, thanks.
Neither have I!
I bet I can do it.
Eighty five.
Twelve.
Fifty three.
Eighty five.
Twelve.
Fifty three.
Jonas?
What are you talking about?
Leave Jonas out of it!
You sounded… distressed.
You sounded off.
I guess you're okay.
Are you the dead officers?
Why are you here?
What’ the big idea testing me!
I don't wanna enlist!
Enlist in what?
What do you want?
What are you?
Are you alright?
Coulda used your help back there!
Just take it easy.
Notice the GHOSTS.
All the locked doors!
How'd you even get here?
Crud.
Uh… Alex, can you hear me?
Hey, Jonas, get help!
Clarissa, are you out there?
Not now!
Jonas, we’re in a time thing!
What is going on?
What is all this stuff?
Uh oh.
Don't blame me!
I'm sorry!
Haha.
C'mon!
Whyyyy!
No.
Are you joking.
Go in the corner!
No.
I cannot believe you.
This is great.
Please don't.
Ugh!
Pee quieter!
Finish peeing first!
You beat up a guy, Jonas..
I know that.
I don’t understand.
You lost control, it happens.
What happened to Joe?
But why?
Jesus.
Yeesh.
Why’d she tell you?
You don’t have to tell me this.
It wasn’t your fault.
I’m so sorry.
Yes, of course.
Welllll....
No, of course not.
I'm gonna need it.
If you want.
You don't have to.
I'm gonna kill her for this.
Let's just leave.
Something must be really wrong.
What is...?
This is what we're dealing with.
Oh God, not again.
It looks like it’ working now...
Yeah, where’ Clarissa?
Huh… strange…
The army.
Kids, still.
Museum plans.
Oh thank God!
What are you doing?
Are you.. okay?
Clarissa!
Wake up!
What's she doing...?
She was like, possessed!
I can't believe this!
She killed herself!
Them!? What about her mom!?
I'm worried about what they're doing!
We helped Ren first.
We came straight here!
Are you... okay?
I keep my word.
Don't even start.
Are you alright?
We're here now.
Don't even start.
Are you... alright?
Ren told us.
Are you... alright?
Heard you on the radio.
Are you... alright?
Better gone than dead.
Clarissa?
It's not gonna work.
It only broadcasts here.
A hunch.
I just know.
We're in a loop.
Holy crap.
Okay...
We keep looping.
Brace yourself.
Clarissa might be dead...
It's fine, ignore me.
I'm not crazy!
Nevermind, ignore me.
I'm not crazy!

I need you, Jonas!
C'mon, get up!
We're in a time shift thing!
Stop doing that!
Nona was one thing...
Where is he!
Bring him back!
If we help you…
What is it?
What happened to Anna?
The sub did this?
You're not ghosts?
You're stuck in time?
Ren!
Please stop!
I don't think so...
Let's just look.
The ghosts are taking over.
It was a time loop thing.
Are you guys alright?
The ghosts are taking over.
It was a time loop thing.
Are you guys alright?
They want to live again.
They're stuck out of time?
They're evil bastards.
They want to live again.
They're stuck out of time?
They're evil bastards.
She was a friend of Maggie?
Nevermind.
She died because of the ghosts?
Hopefully, this will work...
Training?!
Why are you doing this!?
Let my friends go!
Tell me anyway!
I don't care about your reason.
Training!?
What are you talking about?
I don't want this!
I said MAYBE!
How was I supposed to know!?
I'm sorry, alright?
I take it back!
How was I supposed to know!?
I'm sorry, alright?
I wish I hadn't!
How was I supposed to know!?
I'm sorry, alright?
I don't want to play this!
Why all the games?
And what if I don't?
Just where is this other Alex?
One in an infinite shot?
What “strain?”
I’ve done this before?
Why are you doing this?
Let my friends go!
It's Nona's birthday.
How are you feeling?
Think we'll make it out of here?
How's the Nona stuff going?
How are you feeling?
Think we'll make it out of here?
Don't be a predator!
Just be nice!
Be yourself.
Be interested.
Be interesting.
Don't jinx us!
Yeah, you're right.
I'm sorry, okay!
Let it go, man.
You were being a goober.
That could've gone better...
So I’m screwed.
The ghosts?
Submarine stuff?
Something about radios...
Great.
Let’ get out of here.
I got the keys.
Jonas found them.
Infinite time, finite matter.
We keep doing the same stuff?
Nevermind.
Yes, exactly
Or we could just leave...
We have to fix the problem.
Yes, exactly
Or we could just leave...
We have to fix the problem.
I'm kidding!
The boat's right there!
Okay, fine.
I'm kidding!
The boat's right there!
Okay, fine.
Maggie might have had a way.
No clue.
Use the radio in the cave?
Well what's your idea then?
It's all I can think of!
It's EPIPHANY.
Doesn't matter, moving on.
Brilliant.
But the shelter's locked, right?
That doesn't help!
Brilliant.
But the shelter's locked, right?
That doesn't help!
Brilliant!
That equipment will work?
Okay, any OTHER ideas?
Brilliant!
That equipment will work?
Okay, any OTHER ideas?
Alright, then.
Wait, what are we doing?
Let's think this through...
I've been with Jonas all night...
Wait, what are we doing?
Let's think this through...
I've been with Jonas all night...
We won't know how to work it.
Where are these stations?
Don't we need codes?
Yeah, we're okay.
I've just seen your face so much!
I don't care.
We got Fort Milner.
We got the Woods.
I don't care.
We got Fort Milner.
We got the Woods.
We won't!
Same here!
Now I'll be sure to tell you!
Don't say it if you don't mean it!
That's nice, Jonas.
Now Ren, say you're sorry.
Give us a clue!
So annoying.
You need help.
Michael wasn't my fault.
I don't care what you think.
Therapy.
Medical.
Exorcism.
Maggie Adler?
She had it solved?
How's it going?
Wanna maybe help look?
Thought about Ren?
How's it going?
Wanna maybe help look?
Ren means well!
I understand.
We all feel bad, c’mon.
Why?
Are you interested now?
Sure thing.
Better than ever!
As crappy as everyone else.
Think Ren hates me?
Better than ever!
As crappy as everyone else.
Are we okay?
No.
Well, maybe a little.
Don't call her that.
She was up to something.
It's pretty cool, actually.
Ren, c'mon man!
Are you alright?
Are you asleep?
How'd she get so rich?
There's the boat.
There's something up with her.
How'd she get so rich?
There's the boat.
There's something up with her.
WE could figure it out!
Yeah, I guess.
Well...
Yep.
Well...
Yep.
We need to tune into the cave.
She knew something!
She's involved.
We need to tune into the cave.
She knew something!
She's involved.
Okay, who are you?
What does it matter!?
How do we get in, then?
She's right.
There has to be another way.
How do we get in, then?
How do you know?
There has to be another way.
How do we get in, then?
She's right.
There has to be another way.
How do we get in, then?
How do you know?
There has to be another way.
Wanna come up?
Attics are spooky.
For fun?
Part of the relay?
An amateur astronomer?
That's astrology!
Yeah, sure.
Oh, what’ the point.
Wanna see if it’ll start?
Okay
Very funny!
Bring them back!
Where are they going?
Where is he?
Bring him back!
No!
You can't do that!
What happens to them?
There has to be another way!
Don't do this!
You had your time!
That's no excuse.
What you're doing is wrong.
I don't care!
Jonas!
Don't do anything to him!
I wanna explore.
Adler's secret notes.
Okay.
Yep. Giving up.
No, I just want to walk around.
Maggie's secret notes.
I'm sorry, Jonas.
Maybe not!
Maybe it's in the house.
Does anyone know how to drive it?
A phone inside?
Keep your eye on Clarissa.
I'm not going with Clarissa.
Fine.
Oh.
Guess I'm still stuck...
I'm not talking to you.
Why don't you help, then?
My guess is paranoid.
Probably tidy.
Nope, no dream.
I wish it was.
I'm sorry, I tried!
It was harder than it looked.
You're fine, stop whining.
I'm sorry, I tried!
It was harder than it looked.
You're fine, stop whining.
I'm sorry, I tried!
It was harder than it looked.
You're fine, stop whining.
How'd you get in here?
Where have you been?
Everyone, keep your distance...
I don't believe you.
Sure.
How'd you get past the gate?
Okay, whatever.
You're a psycho.
You could be a ghost!
Something's wrong with you.
Jonas, back me up!
Give me a break!
Whatever, I don't care.
Ren, back me up!
Give me a break!
Whatever, I don't care.
Nona, back me up!
Give me a break!
Whatever, I don't care.
That doesn't matter!
We don't know the rules!
Okay, fine.
It was more than yelling.
Fine, I don't care.
Nona, get up!
Are you okay?
Can you hear me?
Where are you?
What's going on?!
I'm not listening to you!
Where is she!?
Bring her back!
What does this have to do with us?
What are you talking about?
Nona!
Stop it!
It’ sweet.
Give it a minute!
Brilliant.
But the shelter's locked, right?
That doesn't help!
Brilliant.
But the shelter's locked, right?
That doesn't help!
Brilliant!
That equipment will work?
Okay, any OTHER ideas?
Brilliant!
That equipment will work?
Okay, any OTHER ideas?
Alright, then.
Wait, what are we doing?
Let's think this through...
I've been with Jonas all night...
Wait, what are we doing?
Let's think this through...
I've been with Jonas all night...
We won't know how to work it.
Don't we need codes?
Well I'm sorry!
I've just seen your face so much!
I don't care.
We got Fort Milner.
We got the Woods.
I don't care.
We got Fort Milner.
We got the Woods.
We won't!
Same here!
Now I'll be sure to tell you!
Maybe we have to.
Maybe she was wrong.
How would she even know this?
Yeah, strange…
Did she ever come here?
The ghosts are screwing with you.
Maybe we have to.
Maybe she was wrong.
How would she even know this?
Brilliant!
That equipment will work?
Wait, we time jumped!

Uh, it’ been fine.
I don’t know.
I’ve missed you.
I don’t have any.
Okay…
Can’t I come with?
Are you Past Clarissa?
Are you pretending?
Do you remember anything?
No, Past and Future.
Forget it.
Our island horror show!
Forget it.
Yeah, I understand.
No, he’ my brother, it’ different.
It doesn’t matter.
I love him, too.
Thanks for telling me.
I know already.
Thank God you’re back.
Clarissa and I had a nice chat.
So, you love me, huh?
See?
Thank you.
We talked ex-girlfriends.
No, it was fine.
And no helmet…
Oh yeah! Thanks!
No thanks.
A drink, too.
I’ve missed you alot.
Things are bad.
I’m doing alright.
No, I can’t.
Yeah… sure.
It’ not gonna blow over!
Yeah… sure.
Yeah.
I guess.
No problem.
Don’t let it happen again.
What do you see in her?
I don’t get it.
Sounds horrible!
Dump her.
Stick with it.
Do what you want.
She’ mean.
You can do better.
I just don’t like her.
No way.
I need it more than you.
Wait, what?
That’ impossible.
What did she hear?
It worked! Kind of!
I was trying to escape this place!
So I can send messages back?
It’ not a prank!
Whatever, yeah, sure.

MICHAEL?!
Am I stuck in time?
Are you a ghost!
MICHAEL?!
Am I stuck in time?
Are you a ghost!
You’re dead!
Why am I here?!
Where’ Jonas!
You’re dead!
Why am I here?!
Where’ Jonas!
My new stepbrother!
A friend!
Nevermind.
My new stepbrother!
A friend!
Nevermind.
No, REALLY dead!
You drowned!
You WILL drown!
No, REALLY dead!
You drowned!
You WILL drown!
No, you're really dead!
You drowned!
You WILL drown!
No, you're REALLY dead!
You drowned!
You WILL drown!
No, in this time period!
No, with you!
No, why are you here?
No, in this time period!
No, with you!
No, why are you here?
This is insane.
Uh… yeah, the perfect day.
Clarissa, don’t you remember?!
This is insane.
Uh… yeah, the perfect day.
Clarissa, don’t you remember?!
You're dead!
Why am I here?!
You're dead!
Where's Jonas?
Why am I here?
Where's Jonas?
No, in this time period!
No, with you!
No, why are you here?
No, in this time period!
No, with you!
No, why are you here?

What’ going on?
A baseball game?
Is this still her?
Jonas!
Don’t!
Jonas, I need you!
Where did you go!
Oh no.
I don’t know!
Just trying to help!
What’ getting worse?
Yeah…
Great.
Well, at least it worked…
This isn’t a good idea.
Sorry, my mistake.
Industry.
Uh oh, I don’t remember this.
Another Time Loop? Now?
Let’ shove it.
Oh, man.
Let’ shove it.
Oh, man.
Don’t talk like that.
We’re ALL getting out of here.
If that’ how you feel.
Don’t talk like that.
We’re ALL getting out of here.
If that’ how you feel.
Oh shut up and help me.
Alright, fine!
I’m not gonna leave you!
Yeah, I think.
Who knows.
It’ probably a trick!
We shouldn’t waste time…
Let’ figure out the song thing.
It’ probably a trick!
We shouldn’t waste time…
Let’ figure out the song thing.
It’ NOT your Mom.
Okay…
We can talk to another reality.
We can warn another version of ourselves.
I don’t even know, really…
Yeah, you’re right.
Maybe we can still help.
It’ still something!
Alex, don’t go into the cave!
Alex, don’t use the radio!
Alex, don’t come to the island!
Help us, we’re on the island!
Anybody out there?
Yeah, forget it.
It would’ve worked.
Maybe not…
Too late now, anyway.
Great…
I hope that worked…
You’ll be fine.
We’ve just gotta do this.
Hang in there, Jonas.
Not in the mood.
Is this a joke?
No idea.
[Polite laughter]
Oh brother.
Seriously?
This isn’t a normal lock.
Okay…
Stop before you hurt yourself.
Do you know what you’re doing?
Be careful.
No, let’ go.
Alright.
This doesn’t feel right.
We should go.
I can kinda hear it…
I don’t think it’ her.
It’ possible?
Too dangerous.
We should leave.
Sure.
Too dangerous.
We should leave.
Sure.

Let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Don’t let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Do what you feel is best.
He should break up with Clarissa.
He should stay with Clarissa.
Don’t tell him what to do.
Michael should go to school.
Michael should go out on his own.
Don’t influence Michael.

Who cares now.
So this is the new normal?
I’m still a little confused…
Why that?
No, we changed.
Are you kidding? Ghosts are real!
No way.
Who cares about Prom?!
If I find a date.
Oh, no thanks.
Uh, sure.
Sounds great.
You don’t have to take me.
Uh, sure.
Sounds great.
No!
Yeah, let’ do it.
You guys go ahead.
We have to tell everyone!
Let's keep it our thing.
We'd sound insane...
I was desperate!
Yeah, sorry about that...
You would've traded me!
Michael?!
This is still the past?
Did we win?
But how is Michael here?
We’re gonna be okay?
Michael should be DEAD, everybody!
That was Jonas and I!
Did I change the past…
Is this all a trick?
Michael drowned!
You’ve been here all night?
Am I losing it?
Michael drowned!
You’ve been here all night?
Am I losing it?
That was Jonas and I!
Did I change the past…
Is this all a trick?
I don’t know...
If I did, it was worth it.
I’m too tired to care.
Jonas is my step brother!
Ren brought Jonas?
Jonas, don’t you remember?
Jonas, c’mon, remember this!
Just… forget it.
I can’t believe this.
Yeah… we’ll hang out.
He’ more than a cool guy!
Yeah, he’… cool.
That’ not the point!
My step-brother!
My partner through everything!
I don’t even know.
He was my step-brother!
He forgot everything!
Just… forget it.
Michael?!
This is still the past?
Is Clarissa...?
Your ex-girlfriend!
She came with us!
Oh God, I killed her!
Your girlfriend!
She came with us!
Oh God, I killed her!
But how is Michael here?
But where's Clarissa?
Michael should be DEAD, everybody!
Goodbye, island.
Good riddance.
Who cares now.
So that’ it, we’re moving on?
I’m still a little confused…
I guess not.
No, we changed.
Are you kidding? Ghosts are real!
No way.
Maybe…
If I find a date.
Oh, no thanks.
Uh, sure.
Sounds great.
No!
Yeah, let’ do it.
You guys go ahead.
We have to tell everyone!
Let's just keep it our thing.
We'd sound insane.
I was desperate!
Yeah, sorry about that...
You would've traded me!
Are we dead?
Is everyone… alright?
Did we win?
I saw Michael again.
We’re gonna be okay?
Jonas, what happened to you?
I saw Michael again.
We’re gonna be okay?
We did it!
I just talked to him.
I was back in the past.
I thought I could change things...
Were they dreams?
You were back in time.
What happened?
It doesn’t matter.
It sucked.
It was good to see him.
Michael, but it was real.
I guess Michael…
What was yours?
I don’t think it’ a “visit.”
It’ random chance.
Maybe it’ what matters to us?
I don’t think it’ a “visit.”
It’ random chance.
Maybe it’ what matters to us?
Are we dead?
Is everyone… alright?
Is Clarissa...?
I saw Michael again.
But, Clarissa
Jonas, what happened to you?
I saw Michael again.
But, Clarissa
We did it!
Are you crazy?
She came with us!
Oh God, I killed her!
Michael, but it was real.
Clarissa was real!
What was yours?
But... Clarissa...
It’ random chance.
Maybe it’ what matters to us?
Huh?
Didn’t you say this already?
Shut up and smile.
Oh no...
Didn’t you say this already?
Shut up and smile.
Huh?
Didn’t you say this already?
Shut up and smile.
Goodbye, island.
Good riddance.
Graduation speech?
Doesn’t have to…
Uh, sure.
Time traveling ghosts?
Leaving adolescence?
Uh, a lot’ going on…
Something wrong?
Sure, of course.
It’ fun being with you.
That’ great!
What are you thinking?
Don’t want to go?
Say it!
I’m listening, c’mon.
I hate people, too!
Say it!
I’m listening, c’mon.
I hate people, too!
And do what instead?
I don’t know…
Why?
I care what people think!
Thanks.
Why do I feel insulted...?
Go to school here.
Leave and see what happens.
That’ up to you.
What’d you wish for?
Don’t tell me or it won’t come true.
Definitely.
If you want.
What are you gonna do?
What’ this for?
I already have a Dad.
Um, okay.
I know I’m amazing.
I love you, too.
Uh, thanks.
What?!!
Sounds exciting!
You’d leave me here?
You should do it.
Don’t go.
It doesn’t matter…
I’m home?
Are you… back?
I’m back in time?

It will be the last time.
No promises!
It wasn’t my fault, really!
Sorry.
How’ she taking it?
Give her another shot.
What does that mean?
Wow, big step!
Maybe think about it?
What history project?
Ugh, you try too hard.
Why leave?
I’d miss you.
But everyone loves you!
Gimme a break!
You are great, though.
Don’t put pressure on yourself.
It was hard?
It was easy?
No idea.
How profound!
I coulda told you that!
Interesting…
Shut up!
Stop it.
Yeah, whatever.

Sounds like me…
Not a chance.
What the Hell is this?
What does it mean?
I never said that!
I really didn’t do this!
No, we can still go!
Step-sister.
Just a girl.
A roommate?
We shouldn’t miss the ferry...
Nobody else has an ID?
Lawnmower thing?
Ew.
Forget I asked.
Oh, poor Captain Nibbles!
Фраза
Bridge Stand
cigarette
phone
note
Jonas
Ren
Weird Chair
Towhee Woods
brownie
rock
Go to Epiphany Fields
Adler Letter
103.5\nAnomaly
Plaque
Go to Bridge Stand
Roosting Tree
Epiphany Field
Circuit Breaker
Nona
Go to Towhee Grove
99.9\nAnomaly
Engine
101.1\nAnomaly
Door
Campground
Chair
Smallest Cemetery
TAPE PLAYER
Main Switch
Controls
Pick Up
Enter
Television
Exit
SEND THE CALL
Go to Campground
NONA
Tape Player
He should break up with Clarissa.
He should stay with Clarissa.
Don't tell him what to do.
Use Tape Player
Campgrounds
Graffiti
97.9\nAnomaly
Go to Bridge
91.5\nAnomaly
Campfire
Relay Point
Ball
Bench
Go to Relay Point
RADIO
Tent
Kick Ball
Ghost
Go to Outpost
106.7\nAnomaly
Go to Campgrounds
Broken Phone
Wishing Well
Outpost
Dead Gate
Clarissa
Milner Outpost
Firing Range
Go to US Army RCS
entrance-fromb
Facilities
Broken Window
104.7\nAnomaly
Sign
Signs
Fence
Flickering Light
Go to Facilities
Let Jonas talk to his Mom.
Do what you feel is best.
US Army RCS
Beds
Send Response
Response Station
89.9 \nAnomaly
Codes
Broadcasting Office
Station Door
Advertisement
Light Switch
Station Radio
Padlocked Door
Poster
Photo
Vines
Blocked Barrack
Window
Radio
Old Equipment
Intercom
94.3\nAnomaly
Book
Handprints
Globe
Note
Mural
Maps
Open Door
Projector
Michael should go to school.
Michael should go out on his own.
Reel
Desk
Next Slides
Mailbox
Portrait
Diagram
Go to Beacon Beach
Bookshelf
Enter House
Enter Basement
Phone
Knot
Painting
Go Upstairs
Pull String
Boat
Go Downstairs
Typewriter
Chest
Discovery Cliff
STAND
Beacon Beach
SIT
Throw Rock
Pick Up Rock
Discovery Cliffs
Schist Cliffs
Discovery Field
Main Street
Enter Cave
BEDS
LAMP
Blast Door
Go to Epiphany Field
Shove
Sit Down
Stand Up
You and 40% of players got Ren and Nona together
You and {0}% of players kept Ren and Nona from dating.
You and {0}% of players brought Ren and Nona together.
You and {0}% of players made up with Clarissa.
You and {0}% of players made Clarissa hate you.
You and {0}% of players made up with Clarissa, and preserved her relationship with Michael.
You and {0}% of players made Clarissa hate you, but preserved her relationship with Michael.
You and {0}% of players sacrificed Clarissa.
You and {0}% of players let Michael rest in peace.
You and {0}% of players brought Michael back and stopped his relationship with Clarissa.
You and {0}% of players brought Michael back and saved his relationship with Clarissa.
You and {0}% of players bonded with your new step brother, Jonas.
You and {0}% of players did not bond with Jonas.
You and {0}% of players bonded with your new friend, Jonas.
You and {0}% of players kept your new step brother, Jonas, at a distance.
Alex
Erin Yvette
Jose the Plant
SCNTFC
marketing
Wim Bien\nRuel Pascual
a videogame by
Tour Guide
Gavin Hammon
Kylie Moses\nAlex Smith
Daniel Segarra
ES Audio
powered by
Bryant Cannon\nHeather Gross\nAdam Hines\nKylie Moses\nKevin Riach\nSean Krankel\nAaron Kuban\nAndy Rohrmann
fortyseven communications
modelling
Sean Krankel
Carly
business manager
Night School Studio
Britanni Johnson
Lollipop Robot
Denae Wilkowski
Maggie Adler
Lights?
music and sound effects
Avital Ash
Aaron Kuban
Ghost Alex - Woods
Adam Hines\nSean Krankel
Siddarth John
recording services
Michael
Ghost Alex - Adler
story
Heather Gross
QA Lead
Lucia Botta\nNick Evans\nTeresa Tyndorf\nLaura Weir
Adam Hines
animation support
Joe Zieja
Cameron Horst
Ryan Stevens
animation
Felix Kramer\nRyan Stevens
Quality Assurance by
Bryant Cannon
design
Ghost Alex - Milner
Starring
environment and concept art
intern
programming
Tom Stilwell\r\nBrandon Gabriel\r\nDan Stilwell\r\nKelly Johnson\r\nEvan Richardson\r\nMike McCormick\r\nMark Dilbeck\r\nAndrew Crowell\r\nChris Rising\r\nBryson Reaume\r\nBoris Belijak\nMidnight Oil
Ruel Pascual
Anthony Lam
In memory of
Bob Smiland
Kevin Riach\nSpencer Stuard
bawse man
Wim Bien\nAnimator X
Production Babies
special thanks
Ghosts
additional art
Additional PR
James Meddock\nCameron Riach\nClay Therrien
Design
screenplay
Additional QA
Alex Chavez
rigging\n
additional sound design
music and sound
Jason Gallaty
Additional Cast
Sean Krankel\nAdam Hines
additional animation
NIGHT TOOLS
Bryant Cannon\nHeather Gross\nAdam Hines\nSean Krankel
Take Picture
Harden Tower
Towhee Grove
Adler Estate
postcredits
GuQ
STARRING\nERIN YVETTE as Alex\nGAVIN HAMMON as Jonas\nAVITAL ASH as Clarissa\nBRITANNI JOHNSON as Nona\nAARON KUBAN as Ren
Water Fountain
MUSIC by SCNTFC
Distant Town
Pose for Picture
Take Cigarette
Old Wheel
Bridge
Go to Cliffs
Ferry Sign
Stop
Shop
Shove Door
Climb
Push
Statue
Store
Box
Off Road
Parks Office
Climb Fence
Cabinet
Car
Cigarette
Try Door
Go to Town
Photo Bomb
Command Annex
Go to Beach
Look At Shore
100.3\nAnomaly
Jump
Go to Adler's Estate
Look At Water
Stand
Slap Ren
Sit
Stoke Fire
Get Slapped
Grab Drink
Look At Cave
Look At Fire
Gate
Leave Clarissa
Debris
Enter Bomb Shelter
Armoire
Open Armoire
Cave Walls
Light House
Hug
105.1\nAnomaly
Go to Fort Milner
102.3\nAnomaly
PostBeach3AM
View
Bomb Shelter
Go to Comm Tower
Go to Adler Estate
Communications \nOffice
Radio Wave\nAnomaly
Numbers\nAnomaly
Electric Fence
Generator
Machinery